[s0003]
[increment SOPHIE]

[enter REBECCA A]
REBECCA: "Sure. You just want me to stand by the pool door?"
KENNETH: "That's the idea. At least let them know we're trying to think of a way to get them out of there."
[enter MAX B]
MAX: "I didn't realize we were helping them escape."
KENNETH: "Well..."
[exit KENNETH]
Shibin hurries over to Kenneth.
[enter KENNETH D]
KENNETH: "I'm sure someone on the staff with a keycard will be here soon. I mean, they can't just ignore us here."
MAX: "Hmph."

I'll let Max deal with whatever imaginary problems he likes. I pass Kenneth's assigned guard practically sitting on the doorstop. I cross the hall by touch alone. The doors leading to the gym and pool are directly across from each other. Even so, I can't see anything inside the pool. There isn't even any light to reflect off the glass.

I probably should do something other than sit here. I rap twice on the glass. Within seconds, two knocks respond. It looks they have someone on the other side of the door as well. I'd like to think my presence is making a difference then, if even a small one. They must have it pretty bad in there. Any phones or laptops that they could use to generate light are probably in the locker room. That reminds me... Someone with a phone or flashlight should probably check the locker rooms. Or maybe Pete is down there. What happened to him?

I pass my time leaning on the door to the pool. Every once in a while I hear a knock and respond in kind. Other times I knock myself.

[enter MAX B]
MAX: "You still there, Rebecca?"
[enter REBECCA D]
REBECCA: "Max?"
MAX: "Ha, so you are there, my dear. How's guard duty?"
REBECCA: "It's not really guard duty, but it's alright."
MAX: "I elected to take the next guard shift. You should see it back in the gym. It's something else."
REBECCA: "Why? What's happening?"
MAX: "They're all listening to Shibin, I mean, listening to Kenneth. It's like polite society reincarnated out there. They figure because no one's showing up they're just going to raid the research crew's supplies, but it's all rationed out in a very fair manner."
REBECCA: "Charming. What time is it, anyway? I'm a little hungry myself."
MAX: "Let me check."
He takes out a phone.
MAX: "Almost 8:00 by the looks of it."
REBECCA: "Don't blind me with that!"
MAX: "It's not all that bright. Must be my natural radiant beauty."
REBECCA: "Be quiet and hand me that."
I take the phone and hold it up to glass on the pool door. A face appears, and then a hand, and then a thumbs up.
MAX: "Isn't that special? Though if you don't mind, could I have my phone back? I'm turning it off to save the battery and use the phone as a flashlight. I have a feeling this won't be the only night we spend in the dark."
REBECCA: "Fine. Don't be such a pessimist."

[goto s0087]