[s0039]

[switchto ERIC]

It takes me about three seconds to realize what's going on. Of course, there's a blizzard out there. Our power line went down. That's common. But this school has an emergency generator in the basement. That should kick in any moment now. Any moment. Then I realize that it was active when the exit signs were on. Now it's inactive. No power. We're all in a semi-underground auditorium with no windows in an Alaskan winter. I keep waiting for my eyes to adjust. Never happens. I can see absolutely nothing.

Someone up on stage calls out. I don't catch the words. I'm still stuck on the power outage, or maybe the thought of Marisa. Probably Marisa. Someone else returns that call. There's only one thing to be done. I take several tentative steps towards where the stage used to be. I haven't gone more than five feet when I crash into something. A chair? No, wasn't I in an aisle?

[enter MARISA C]
MARISA: "What? Who was that?"
It takes me a moment to respond.
[enter ERIC D]
ERIC: "Marisa? Is that -"
MARISA: "Oh. Sorry for getting in your way. I'll let you through."
ERIC: "Don't be stupid. Keep moving towards the voices."

A few collisions later, I'm fairly certain that Marisa and I are standing with the jazz band. Someone trips over a music stand. They're all still calling out, trying to find each other. Amongst the tangle of voices, there's one person I specifically don't hear.

[enter ERIC C]
ERIC: "Sid? Are you there?"
[enter SID B]
SID: "Right beside you."
ERIC: "Ah, I thought that was her. Um, Marisa?"
No response. I don't feel like calling any louder.
SID: "She's here?"
ERIC: "She was watching the rehearsal."
SID: "So that was her. I thought it couldn't be her, she never comes here. I'm glad you decided to come, but it looks like you had poor timing."
[exit ERIC]
[exit SID]
No kidding...
[enter HENRY C]
HENRY: "Can you all hear me?"
[hold]

Sid doesn't have to tell me who that is. It's the jazz band co-chair, Henry Musikot. I've never spoken to him in person, but every morning he bellows across the main hall and it's impossible not to notice him.

HENRY: "All right, listen up! We're getting out of here! Back up the stairs and into the entrance hall!"
ERIC: "Are you kidding me? If we all try to - Ow!"

No sooner does Henry start yelling than someone almost tramples me. I try to dodge the moving bodies until the sounds of footsteps and crashing equipment move away, and then set out towards the doors. My aim is a bit off, but I manage to push open the double doors and emerge into a dim entrance hall. The large glass panes above the doors to the school aren't much brighter than the depths of the auditorium.

The eight of us stand in a circle. One of the jazz students has a phone out, but it's all we can do to recognize each other. There's me, Marisa, Sid, Henry, and four other jazz kids I don't know. No one seems quite sure what to do.

[enter MARISA A]
[enter HENRY B]
[enter SID D]
[enter ERIC E]
HENRY: "Well... What the hell was that?"
SID: "Power outage."
ERIC: "The backup generator must be down, or else we'd at least have the exit signs lit."
HENRY: "But where is everyone?"
ERIC: "Probably the staff is at the gym. Everyone else was practicing down there."
SID: "Well, what is there to do until the power goes back on?"
MARISA: "Nothing. I'm going back to the auditorium."
[exit MARISA]
SID: "You realize it's dark in there, right?"
But she vanishes through the doors and down the stairs without looking back.
HENRY: "And what's she doing here? You, did you bring her here?"
ERIC: "Me? No, if I knew she was watching I wouldn't have come."
HENRY: "What's that supposed to mean?"
ERIC: "Nothing. Why don't we head back to the gym?"
SID: "A good idea."

I walk over to the right side of the entrance hall, but to my surprise, the door is shut. That's rare. I pull the handle, but it's a futile effort.

[enter ERIC B]
[enter HENRY D]
ERIC: "Is this supposed to be locked?"
SID: "I'm not sure. I've never been here so late that the electronic locks shut... That's the door that you need an ID to get into, remember? At least I think."
ERIC: "Well without power, it's not opening."
HENRY: "What, you mean can't get to the gym?"
[exit HENRY]
Henry rushes over to the left side of the entrance hall, the door to the biology hall. He hammers at the door to minimal effect.
[enter HENRY E]
HENRY: "Damn it. They better fix things up soon."
[enter SID A]
SID: "Unlikely. There's a blizzard out there."
HENRY: "Well someone better fix something. This is ridiculous!"

We all seem to be stuck pacing around the entrance hall. The jazz ensemble mostly sticks together, but Sid is apart as always. I keep him company. I can tell he's watching the snow outside along with me. At this point, it can't be called snow any more though. It's mostly a dark wall. Whatever is going on out there is certainly grim.

[enter HENRY B]
[enter SID D]
HENRY: "Intolerable. I'm going outside."
SID: "It's snowing out there. Pretty hard."
HENRY: "Better than being trapped in here with you people. Are you just going to sit there?"
[exit HENRY]
He walks over to the two doors that each student passes through every morning.
[enter HENRY A]
HENRY: "What the hell? It won't open. Why won't anything open in this godforsaken place?"
It looks like Henry's applying all of his considerable power against the push bar of the door, but despite his best efforts, nothing changes.
HENRY: "Is this some kind of joke? Maybe that harpy was right. I'm going to the auditorium and finding a way out of here."
[exit HENRY]
Sid watches him go and then turns to me.
[enter ERIC B]
SID: "He's insane."
ERIC: "Everyone at this school is insane. The smarter, the less sane."
SID: "You make a good point, but... What do you say, Eric? Am I dumb or crazy?"
That caught me off guard.
ERIC: "I think you're a stable mix of both. Give it a few years and you'll either go nuts trying to beat everyone to valedictorian, or else turn out disappointed and bitter."
SID: "By most reports you're certainly at the top of the standings. Which are you?"
ERIC: "You still think that?"
SID: "Am I wrong? I don't like being wrong, so you'd better tell me."
ERIC: "You're a good friend, Sid."
SID: "So are you, but that's not what I asked."
ERIC: "..."
SID: "Guess I'm not that good a friend then."
[hold]

If there was someone to tell, it would be Sid. It's just that I've never told anyone. I look around the entrance hall, now monochromatic in the unsteady light. Now's a good a time as ever. I never want Felix Salazar to hear of this, but...

ERIC: "My standings are in the pits now. I don't stand a chance against Felix and Marisa and the rest."
SID: "What?"
ERIC: "I'm done. Academically ruined. I'm just another kid now."
SID: "You're joking."
ERIC: "I failed calculus-based physics last year. That's all it took."
SID: "Oh."
He nods his head and closes his eyes. How is this going to affect our friendship now? I hope he doesn't see me as some kind of mentor.
SID: "Seriously?"
ERIC: "It's a long story. The bottom line is that I'm out. My run's over. It's between Felix and Marisa now. I don't what I'm supposed to do now, but there's no possible way I can be valedictorian."
SID: "That explains a lot."
ERIC: "So you guessed it?"
SID: "You wouldn't be taking those light classes like the ones I'm in, and you certainly wouldn't be captain of the archery club. But I thought that was because you realized the being the top of the class was a stupid pursuit."
ERIC: "You think that?"
SID: "That's a subject for another day. I'm still surprised you managed to fail something, though. What happened?"
ERIC: "I missed the final. Failing the final means failing the class."
SID: "Does this have something to do with Marisa?"
ERIC: "I'd rather not talk about it."

I wonder what that crazy girl's doing in the auditorium anyway. As for Henry, I'm sure he's kicking the wall until he discovers the side exits, but that's a lost cause. Ever since someone stole the stage sound equipment, those doors are manually locked after hours. 

[enter SID B]
[enter ERIC C]
SID: "Do you remember if there was anyone in the conference room or main office?"
He's looking at the two rooms attached to the entrance hall.
ERIC: "I don't think so."
As we watch, one of the jazz members tries the door of the office. No luck.
ERIC: "I thought so. All the teachers that were left are probably busy with the students in the gym."
[hold]

I'm hoping that after a few more minutes, someone from the gym will come up to open the electronic door. It's a little unnerving to know that the main entrance won't open. If I had to think of a reason, it would be that there's too much snow blocking the exit. But could there really be so much snow that even Henry couldn't force the door?

SID: "You look concerned."
ERIC: "Well, our situation is kind of concerning."
SID: "If you're thinking on the same lines I am, then it's not looking likely that we'll be able to return to the dorms any time soon."
ERIC: "What are you going to do?"
SID: "What else is there to do?"
[hold]

[choice]
[Go back to the auditorium to search :: s0006]
[Stay here and wait :: s0096]
[Talk to the other students :: s0092]