[s0054]

[switchto REBECCA]

In the end, we hold off telling Kenneth and Shibin about Marisa until after the mid-morning meal. The story is that I, as the chief intelligence officer, went to scout with Max and Arya when we discovered that the rafter door was unlocked. And inside, of course, we found Marisa. Lying is one of Max's natural strengths so I let him do the talking. As he finishes his tale, Shibin's eyes narrow. Kenneth stares for a moment.

[enter REBECCA A]
[enter MAX B]
[enter KENNETH D]
[enter SHIBIN C]
KENNETH: "No. Stop joking."
MAX: "I'm not kidding around. There's a dead girl on the floor in there."
KENNETH: "No. No, that can't be. That's too awful. There's no way."
MAX: "If you want me to show you her corpse, we can totally do that."
SHIBIN: "There's be no need for that. There is only one conclusion to draw here: the gym group has run on hard times. We've got to be more careful."
REBECCA: "What? Explain that to me again."
SHIBIN: "Someone snapped Marisa Montoire's neck. Who do you think did that? Did she trip? Of course not. Where is everyone else? They ran away from their cowardly deed. We must keep an eye out for these murderers."
KENNETH: "I don't believe it. Someone killed her?"
MAX: "It certainly looks that way."
REBECCA: "Isn't it a little early to start labeling everyone else who was in that group a murderer?"
SHIBIN: "You're right. My guess is that there are only one or two survivors left, working together. Did she have her limbs attached?"
MAX: "Yeah. Sorry, no cannibalism."
KENNETH: "How could you even think of that?"
SHIBIN: "Maybe someone's taking advantage of our situation to kill us then. Either way, I give you very good odds that when the rest of the auditorium is explored, you'll find more bodies, and maybe a few missing their more tastier areas."
KENNETH: "Stop stop stop, you're going to give me nightmares. One of us? Doing that?"
SHIBIN: "It's time you woke up and faced reality, Kenneth."
MAX: "Well, what do you want to do, Shibin? You sounded like you had an idea."
SHIBIN: "That door must be locked or barricaded as soon as possible. If the killer makes his way to this room, we'd suffer heavy losses. Post a sentry at the supplies. Kenneth, order the door barricaded. And find me a guard."
KENNETH: "I... Give me a moment."
It looks like he's almost crying. He's quite the contrast to that track captain I remember from Friday.
MAX: "Shibin, wouldn't it be smarter to search the stage before shutting it off completely?"
SHIBIN: "And risk the killer attacking anyone who ventured down below? I'll pass. Besides, if we find some way to climb down, they'll use that same way to climb up. We have the supplies, so we are the target. If whoever it was was willing to kill for whatever scraps Marisa had, think what they'd do to us."
REBECCA: "There has to be some mistake. What if Marisa went crazy and they were all forced to kill her to defend themselves?"
That thought makes me queasy, but I like it better than imagining Eric slaughtering Sid and Lyra and all the rest.
SHIBIN: "Your theory's even dumber than mine. Plausible though. But why would they leave her corpse out in the open like that? And why would they hide from us? It doesn't add up."
KENNETH: "I don't care why. Who could do that?"
SHIBIN: "Easy, anyone could. We've had one attempted murder already. I'm sure when our lives are on the line, we'll be able to sympathize. Personally, I suspect that senior on the archery team. I had classes with him last year, and he's ruthless. Almost admirable, really."

Something is seriously wrong. I can't put my finger on it, but somewhere along the line, Shibin's logic is deeply flawed. Without adequate food and sleep, I can't hope to resist him. My team captain is being labeled a murderer, and we're barricading ourselves off from the people we once hoped to save. What happened to the spirit of that first night when we rescued the swim team members? Where did that go? When did that Friday turn into a nightmare?

I wish Max would argue with Shibin, but Max doesn't seem interested. He doesn't even make eye contact. Maybe I'm the one going insane here.

[enter REBECCA B]
[enter SHIBIN E]
[enter KENNETH D]
SHIBIN: "Kenneth, put that to a vote. Actually, don't bother. Just find students willing to move some of the gym equipment here down to the catwalk door. We have tons of junk in here. If we engineer this right, no one should be able to get in or out. And this solves the problem of someone accidentally releasing that other delinquent in the basement. Now to find someone to lead this project..."
[enter ARYA A]
ARYA: "I'll do it."
REBECCA: "You? I thought you were with me."
ARYA: "Hey, I'm just looking for somewhere I can be useful. I'm willing to roll with this one. After all, Shibin's talking sense, right?"
I give up.

Shibin and Kenneth head off to work their administrative magic on the problem of cutting us off from the rest of the building. Arya trails after them, leaving Max and I standing around with nothing to do.

[enter REBECCA B]
[enter MAX D
REBECCA: "Max, why didn't you stop him? You could've convinced Kenneth. You could've talked some sense into Shibin."
MAX: "I can't. Shibin might be a little harsh at times, but in this case, he's right. And I'm sorry, I'm out of energy. Even I have my limits."
I never thought I'd hear Maximilian Wolf say that.
REBECCA: "So everyone else in this school is just going to die? That's the end of it?"
MAX: "Listen Rebecca, stop using you me to fight your battles. If you want something to change, you fight. I'm my own person."
REBECCA: "I know, I'm sorry. But it's not like I can match Shibin."
MAX: "Who cares if you get your way? Just do what you think you should be doing. That's the best any of us can do."
REBECCA: "This isn't about me. This is about everyone else here."
MAX: "Can it be about you for once?"
REBECCA: "Fine. I guess you're with Shibin and Kenneth now."
MAX: "You're smarter than that, Rebecca. You realize you're just dodging me now, right?"
REBECCA: "Max, I'm doing my best to make sure we don't lose anyone else."
MAX: "I'm sure Sophie will commiserate if you want, but I'm going to try to sleep some more. I was tired enough with last night's antics."
REBECCA: "Suit yourself. Maybe I will go see Sophie."

Max retreats to the sleeping bags while I watch his back. I used to admire his detachment and level head, but those aren't helping me much now. For all that we've been through, can't he toss me a bone? Sophie is exactly where she was yesterday, tending to Pete.

[enter REBECCA D]
[enter SOPHIE B]
[enter PETE A]
REBECCA: "Hello Sophie, Pete. How's the arm?"
SOPHIE: "Mostly inoperable. There was a lot of muscle damage."
PETE: "I'll be fine in no time."
SOPHIE: "No, no you won't, not without serious medical attention. I'm no doctor."
PETE: "You're pretty swell, Sophie. I can walk on my own again. See?"
He stands up and almost falls over.
SOPHIE: "Could you stop trying to do that every ten minutes? Here, it's about time I changed the bandage on that... We're running out of supplies in the first aid kit."
As long as there aren't any more stabbings, that shouldn't be a problem.
REBECCA: "Have you heard about the barricade?"
SOPHIE: "What? No."
REBECCA: "Actually, you'd have to know about Marisa first."
PETE: "Yeah, apparently there's a dead girl on the floor in the auditorium. Someone broke her neck, pretty grizzly."
Then why are you grinning like an idiot?
SOPHIE: "You know about this, Pete?"
PETE: "Who doesn't?"
REBECCA: "Anyway, Shibin convinced Kenneth to close off the door to the catwalks. Now there's no chance of rescuing Eric, Lyra, Sid and the rest that were in the auditorium."
SOPHIE: "That's not good, is it..."
REBECCA: "I can't figure out what I can do to stop it though. Max isn't on my side for this one."
SOPHIE: "There isn't much we can do. I wish it weren't happening, but it's not like I can stop it."
REBECCA: "I'm not willing to give up on half of the people in this school just because we discovered someone's corpse. What if Eric and the rest walked in on Caitlyn and Pete's fight instead of us? What would they have thought if they saw Pete bleeding to death down there?"
SOPHIE: "It doesn't matter. They didn't. We can't really play around in the world of what if any more. This is our sad reality and we just have to accept it."
REBECCA: "And Pete?"
PETE: "What? Oh, I wasn't listening, but I probably don't care one way or the other. I'll help you out if you want to do something though. Doing something is always better than doing nothing."
SOPHIE: "You're not going anywhere. You hardly have the strength to stand up."
PETE: "If you say so."

I'll keep that in mind then. Pete will do anything, no matter what it is. That's why he helped Arya and Cait, and hopefully he'll help me, when I think of something I can do. It would be best if I could find an idea quickly, as the more I wait, the more I notice the bustle around the door as students ferry equipment from the gym to the main hall. There is no way two people could undo all that construction before someone noticed. Maybe Pete has something up his sleeve. I finally have my chance to talk to him alone during the second meal of the day. Sophie heads off to wait in the food line, but I stay behind.

[enter REBECCA B]
[enter PETE D]
REBECCA: "You were serious when you said you would help me, right?"
PETE: "Yeah, of course. I'll do what I can."
REBECCA: "Then tell me what I'm supposed to do."
PETE: "Listen, I've never bothered coming up with stuff like that. That's not my department."
REBECCA: "I suppose you don't even know what problem I'm concerned about, do you?"
PETE: "Something about the people in the auditorium, vaguely. Do you want me to hunt them down with you? That would be pretty cool."
REBECCA: "I'm not recruiting you for a safari, here. I don't know what I'm recruiting you for."
PETE: "You know what I always thought would be fun to do? Let Cait out."
REBECCA: "Are you joking? She tried to kill you. And how would anyone even do that?"
PETE: "Well, it's only a fire door keeping her in, right? So if we open that fire door from this side, she's free. It's pretty simple."
REBECCA: "It's also pointless."
PETE: "Hey, it's better than nothing."
REBECCA: "You're going to get yourself killed with that kind of attitude."
PETE: "Actually, that could work..."
REBECCA: "Don't tell me you're actually considering opening the door for her."
PETE: "No, here, listen to me. The barricade is dumb. There are other ways to this side of the school building. If no one's in the auditorium, they've decided on one of those other ways."
That reasoning is sound. Is he actually being coherent?
PETE: "To let everyone in, you could use the unused door to the biology office, the student lounge in the basement, or the fire door to the entrance hall. Those are the only three ways. The fire door is out of order, but I could pick the lock of the biology office door, and if there's someone willing to let you in at the stairwell, you could also cross the student lounge."
REBECCA: "I had no idea you were capable of coming up with that..."
PETE: "I don't like it when people underestimate me. It's kind of insulting actually. So what do you say? Do we free Cait?"
REBECCA: "And now you're back to making no sense. Why should I let Cait out of the basement?"
PETE: "Because I'll pick the biology office lock if you do. See? We're helping each other out."
REBECCA: "Fine. I'll do that if you can explain to me why you want Cait on the loose."
PETE: "Doesn't that sound like fun? And we never finished our fight after she cheated and used the knife."
REBECCA: "That's not really a reason at all, but I'll see what I can do for Caitlyn. It'll have to wait til tonight though. Everyone's in the hall boarding up the door to the catwalks."
PETE: "I can't wait to see how she's doing."

That's right. It was yesterday morning that we shut her in there. That makes two days that she's been left to her own devices down there. I hope someone abandoned their lunch in one of the math classrooms or something, or Caitlyn might not be in much of a state to do anything. 

I'm glad Pete came up with a reasonable plan, but why does working with him feel like sucha risk? He seems to alternate between having no idea what he's doing and absolute concentration. Maybe I'm the one who can't concentrate right now. Everything is falling apart today. I should probably join the line for food before it's too late.

Max and I sit together to eat our canned corn, but neither of us talk. He probably knows he hurt me, but I can't blame him for not apologizing. Max is much more rational than me, and he's right that something went horribly wrong in the auditorium. Why am I the only one unwilling to give up hope for Eric, Lyra, and the jazz ensemble?

[enter MAX B]
[enter REBECCA D]
MAX: "I've decided I'm going to work with Shibin and Kenneth for a bit."
He interrupts the silence, but I don't deign to respond.
MAX: "There is a reason I didn't opt to join up in the very beginning, remember? I hope you understand."
REBECCA: "I understand all too well. You probably think I'm stupid for not going along with this."
MAX: "Rebecca, it's nothing like that. We just happen to disagree. It happens between people once in a while."

I let Max return to his rest. Without much to do, I watch Arya move back and forth between the gym and main hall. She's clearly enjoying herself. Maybe Pete was the most natural teammate for her. They both share that need to show their strengths no matter what the scenario. I wonder what would've happened if Max and I hadn't helped them out last night.

Night falls. I try to sleep a bit in preparation for what I have to do tonight. It should be easy to sneak past the door guard, right? For some reason, it's only now that I start to wonder what Cait's return would mean. Would she keep hiding? What would Kenneth do if she were to come back? Well, more accurately, what would Shibin do? Hopefully, I'll be able to convince her to keep out of sight. It would be relatively easy to hide at the pool and still receive food and water from Pete and me. Then again, that all assumes she won't try to strangle Pete as soon as she sees him. How am I supposed to convince the notorious Caitlyn Baquiran to behave...

I wake up. There's no light, and I can't tell how long I have been asleep. This must be late enough, though. It's time to go free Cait. Waiting a few minutes, I decide to move out. There's nothing to hear but soft breathing and my own muffled footsteps. When I arrive at the door, I take special care to walk as lightly as possible. I don't hear any noises from the guard, so I continue down the gym hall. That was too easy.

Even so, I don't let my guard down. There doesn't seem to be anyone here, but Shibin was talking about finding a guard to protect the barricade or something like that. They must be either sleeping or missing. I almost trip over a pole to a volleyball net. Hopefully no one heard that. Without any light, it's difficult for me to tell where the barricade begins and ends and where I can walk in this hallway. It takes me almost ten minutes, but I work my way to the stairs. As soon as I press against the bar to the firedoor, there's sound behind me. My heart rate accelerates. When I turn around, I'm blinded by light.

[enter REBECCA B]
REBECCA: "Who's there?"
I can't see the source because whoever's standing there is holding a phone out in front of them.
[enter MAX E]
MAX: "Damn it, Rebecca, why did it have to be you?"
REBECCA: "Max? What are you doing here? Get that thing out of my face."
He lowers the phone to reveal a sleepy face.
MAX: "I'm supposed to be the guard in case anyone from the other side finds another way in, remember? I told you I was doing few odd jobs for Kenneth."
REBECCA: "What are planning to do?"
MAX: "I was going to ask you the same question. What're you doing over here?"
I know I shouldn't, but I tell him anyway.
REBECCA: "I'm letting Cait out."
MAX: "Oh Rebecca... What am I supposed to do now?"
I can almost hear him thinking.
MAX: "If I let you off free..."
My only hope now is to be completely open with him.
REBECCA: "I need Cait to be out so Pete will help me open the way to the auditorium through the biology office. I'm being honest here, help me out."
MAX: "If I'm going to be honest, I only volunteered for this because I thought it might get you to do something. But not something this dumb..."
[enter SHIBIN A]
SHIBIN: "Don't worry about it, Maximilian. I can handle this from here."
MAX: "Shibin? Where did you come from?"
SHIBIN: "I was on door guard duty tonight, remember? I guess that girl must've snuck past me. Who is that?"
REBECCA: "Rebecca Bell."
SHIBIN: "You were the one arguing about the blockade earlier, right? And the one who was found with Caitlyn. And of course, the one trying to set Caitlyn free."
The adrenaline isn't helping. Max is my only hope out of this, but he says nothing. Maybe if Shibin weren't here he would let me go, but this turning ugly.
SHIBIN: "You don't leave me much choice, do yuo? I guess we'll have to hold another trial in the morning. Actually, that's not really important. Who cares about the voting anyway. You people are willing to go along with whatever. Maximilian, keep an eye on her. I'm going to fetch Kenneth."
[exit SHIBIN]
His footsteps vanish down the hall.
MAX: "You're screwed. Completely screwed."
REBECCA: "Max, what do I do? I was only doing this for Pete, and now -"
MAX: "I don't know what you think you're doing, but it's over for you in the gym. There's nothing I can do to stop that. It's too late."
REBECCA: "What do you think they'll do?"
MAX: "I don't know, but it looks like Shibin is going to decide here and now, and he needs Kenneth to make it official. If it we're me I'd probably only cut your food or something, but..."
I take a deep breath.
REBECCA: "He doesn't like me. I'm probably going to be exiled, aren't I?"

Before Max can bring himself to respond, we hear two people climbing over the outlying elements of the barricade. One of them turns on a phone. Shibin. Kenneth keeps blinking and I can't tell if he's tired or disoriented or both.

[enter SHIBIN B]
[enter KENNETH A]
[enter REBECCA C]
[enter MAX D]
SHIBIN: "Okay, we're all ready. Rebecca Bell, we have strong evidence that you are attempting to circumvent our administration and free the imprisoned Caitlyn Baquiran. Do you have anything to say for yourself?"
MAX: "Since when did 'circumventing the administration' become a crime...?"
SHIBIN: "Keep quiet, or we'll do the same to you. You work for us, Max."
MAX: "Don't count on it. But keep going."
SHIBIN: "Well? Nothing to say?"
[hold]

If I plead for forgiveness, maybe he'll let me off, but I can't get Max's words about finding a purpose out of my mind. Anyway, wasn't Max the one who said he only did what he thought was the right thing to do, regardless of whose side it put him on? If everyone else is giving up on the auditorium students, maybe it's my job to save them.

REBECCA: "I'm doing what you should've been doing in the first place."
SHIBIN: "Don't make me laugh."
KENNETH: "That's not something to laugh at."
SHIBIN: "Are you here to sentence her or sympathize with her? Come on, let's get this done with. I propose exiling her to the basements. No objections?"

Max? Maximilian? Why are not saying anything? Why are you avoiding my eyes? Then I see his left hand, just above his pocket. Is he taking out his phone? Max slips something into my hand as I hear the opening of the fire door and feel something pushing at my back. They'll get no resistance from me. And before I even realize where I am, the door shuts behind me. 

[branch REFUSE_BAD_END > 0]
[true :: s0144]
[false :: s0195]