[s0062]

[switchto REBECCA]

[date]
Saturday, December 18th: Day 8

I wake up warm. That's right, he's still beside me. Is Eric still asleep? I don't think so. I'm awake too, but I don't want to move. Neither of us do. Is there anything to do out there anyway? But as the rays of muted sunlight shine through the exit door, we separate. I stay on the stair, while Eric stands up. Profiled against the light, he holds a gray air of elegance. For some reason, I think this must be a dream. He takes his seat next to me again.

The morning bleeds into the afternoon. Has he given up the escape attempt? I wouldn't mind. If we're both going to die, we might as well be dignified about it. Maybe it's more noble to struggle until the bitter end, but I prefer the grace of passing without a trace. How long can two humans live on two cans of peaches and a water bottle? 

[enter ERIC B]
ERIC: "I can't take it. I have to do something."
Eric walks over to the door, multitool in hand.
[enter REBECCA D]
REBECCA: "You can't just appreciate company?"
ERIC: "That's why I have to do something. Maybe I would've died without a fight alone, but I at least owe you some effort."
REBECCA: "You don't owe me anything. If anything, I should be trying to break you out. I'm the one who made you stay up here instead of heading back downstairs.
ERIC: "You did no such thing. I stayed with you because you needed company."
REBECCA: "Exactly. I'm grateful for that, but you'll have to allow me to work in your place."
ERIC: "Let's stop being dumb and alternate then."
REBECCA: "You're right. But I do feel guilty that you turned down Felix's offer."
ERIC: "That was a threat, not an offer. Don't mince words. I wonder if that guy's actually carrying through..."
REBECCA: "Do you think it would be a good thing or a bad thing if he did?"
ERIC: "I don't know. If he succeeds, than whoever's helping him will live and everyone else will die. If he fails, everyone might die anyway."
REBECCA: "And us?"
ERIC: "To everyone else, we're already dead."
REBECCA: "But not to each other."
ERIC: "Why else do you think I'm cutting through this door?"

He returns to work. Who am I to stop him? After maybe half an hour, he passes off the knife to me, but as I walk up to the door, I hear something. Voices? Is that Eric? No, he's standing off to the side. Where is that noise coming from? Someone is speaking on the other side of this door.

[enter REBECCA B]
REBECCA: "Eric, come over here. I can hear someone through the door."
[enter ERIC D]
CAIT: "Hey! Hey! Is anyone there? Rebecca? Eric?"
REBECCA: "Cait?"
It sounds as if she's talking through the crack at the bottom of the door. I bend down to listen and Eric does the same.
REBECCA: "Cait, I can hear you. Can you let us out?"
CAIT: "Haha, yeah right."
She sounds panicky.
CAIT: "I'm all tied up. I can't even stand up. They taped my arms and legs together."
ERIC: "Who?"
CAIT: "Pete and Henry. They're with Felix now."
ERIC: "Can you tell us what's going on out there?"
CAIT: "I... I can't talk to you. I can't do it. I'm sorry."
REBECCA: "Cait, what's wrong?"
CAIT: "This is all my fault. I screwed up. I did it again. Why can't I ever get it right? I swore I was going to change."
REBECCA: "Cait, calm down. No one is going to hold it against you."
I can say that, but I don't even know how I feel.
CAIT: "No, I'm sure you all hate me. You have to hate me. I'm the one that shut you in there."
Surprise surprise.
REBECCA: "But why, Cait? That's all I want to know."
CAIT: "Henry promised... He said he just needed you out of the way for an hour so he could deal with Shibin. Call me an idiot. I should never have believed him. He promised that when they had the food, I'd be one of the five to live... How could I ever buy into that?"
REBECCA: "Cait, we don't hate you."
CAIT: "You should. You're both idiots. It's obvious that I'm a horrible person. Why did you trust me in the first place? I'm the reason you're shut in there. You were dumb enough to trust me, even after I stabbed some kid and took a hostage. Why would you ever trust me?"
ERIC: "Calm down a minute."
CAIT: "I'm not going to calm down. Even though I was a coward and a traitor I'm still going to die. We're all going to die now, so no, I won't calm down. How can you be so chill about it?"
ERIC: "Sure, maybe we are going to die. At least we put up a fight. It could be a lot worse."
CAIT: "Easy for you to say. Did you ever care from the beginning? I cared. I tried my hardest to make sure I would come out on top. I was so scared of this, and now look where I am. If I would live, everything would have been justified, but now I'm reduced to this. Can you at least give me the satisfaction of hating me?"
[exit REBECCA]
[exit ERIC]
[enter REBECCA D]
[enter ERIC E]
I sigh and draw Eric away from the door.
REBECCA: "What do we do?"
ERIC: "I don't care. She doesn't seem particularly relevant, or all that coherent for that matter."
REBECCA: "She's also the reason we're both going to die in here... You're not mad at her?"
ERIC: "It's hard to be angry at someone when we have so little time left to live anyway."
REBECCA: "No, I'm not mad at her either, I guess... I just don't know what to say."
ERIC: "Let's see if she can tell us what's going on out there anyway."
[exit REBECCA]
[exit ERIC]
[enter REBECCA B]
[enter ERIC D]
We return to the crack of the door.
REBECCA: "Cait?"
CAIT: "Oh, I thought you'd wised up and left me to die in peace."
REBECCA: "No. Do you want to make it up to us?"
CAIT: "I'm not sure how you make up for death-sentencing people."
ERIC: "Then start by explaining what exactly happened these past three days. What is Felix doing?"
CAIT: "I can't tell, I can't tell. All I know is that Pete was working with him and Shibin was captured as well. They dumped him somewhere else and wrapped him up in duct tape."
ERIC: "But what happened to you?"
CAIT: "I went to sleep on the night I shut you guys in there. Then I woke up to Henry calling me insane while taping my arms together. I bit him, but it didn't do too much. I think Pete wanted to taunt me a bit so he stopped Henry from taping over my mouth. But after that, they just left me in the basement. I heard people moving back and forth, but I couldn't see. They took the water cooler and the candles."
REBECCA: "What about Lyra and Sid?"
CAIT: "Maybe they got away. I don't know. I haven't seen them. They dragged me here last night with a few other people. Shibin was one of them. They brought us up the north stairs and through the biology offices."
REBECCA: "Pete must've picked the lock..."
CAIT: "Exactly. I think the kids in the gym are in big trouble though. Last I heard, someone managed to warn them and they closed the fire door before any of Felix's guys got inside. But I hear noises. They're breaking through the drywall. They have some sort of metal bar ram that's breaking through."
ERIC: "That must be Henry's doing. We used the same system to break through the glass walls in the entrance hall."
REBECCA: "How long could they have been planning this...?"
ERIC: "It's not worth wondering. Cait, is there anything more you can tell us?"
CAIT: "No. I hope I've made up for something, anyway. It's not like it matters anymore."
ERIC: "I know it sounds stupid to say now, but don't give up yet."
CAIT: "Yeah, that is stupid. Just give up. Give up and die."
REBECCA: "Eric, just ignore her."
I couldn't curl up and drift off if I wanted to, anyway.
ERIC: "Cait, don't be too hard on yourself, please."
REBECCA: "Don't tell her that, she'll just - "
CAIT: "You should hate me. This is why you're stupid, see? You ignore people. You're really dumb, you know?"
[hold]

Half of me wants to give up talking to her, but I need to know. Eric seems to be more put off than I am though. He is angry, isn't he? While I talk with Cait, he leans against the fire door, not talking. I'll keep Cait occupied.

CAIT: "Someone's here. Maybe I'm scheduled to die a little earlier than I thought."
ERIC: "Who? What's going on?"
CAIT: "Like I can see them. Well, so long, Rebecca and Eric. I'll see you in hell."

After the noises of a commotion at the other side of the fire door, I hear the distinct sound of duct tape being ripped off, and a long dragging noise of a large body across the dusty floor. So much for that.

[enter ERIC B]
[enter REBECCA D]
REBECCA: "Wasn't that abrupt..."
ERIC: "It's worse out there than I thought. Felix really means to carry through with it."
REBECCA: "He struck me as someone that always carries through."
ERIC: "You're right about that, anyway."
REBECCA: "Hey, Eric. What if we do cut our way out?"
ERIC: "Then I'd be very happy."
REBECCA: "But what would we do? What could we do?"
ERIC: "Almost nothing."
REBECCA: "I've only realized now how horrible it would be to be all alone in here. Cait went through a lot more than I thought."
ERIC: "If we escape, we should stick together."
REBECCA: "As much as we can anyway. It would be stupid to escape the stairs only to lose the one person I had in here."
ERIC: "Right."

We stay next to each other against the fire door, leaning together. I wonder what's going through his head right now. Is he wondering like I am? What would we have done with our time at St. Magnus? What if this is all there is?

[enter REBECCA B]
[enter ERIC D]
REBECCA: "I've changed my mind."
ERIC: "What?"
REBECCA: "The only thing more pointless than separating when we're out of here would be both us dying when one of us could easily survive."
ERIC: "What's the supposed to mean?"
REBECCA: "Talk to Felix. At this point, you might still be able to escape alive."
ERIC: "Not happening. Not a chance. You saw me give that up. I'd rather starve here with you than take one of those seats as Felix's chosen. I would never be able to live with myself."
REBECCA: "Maybe you can stop it."
ERIC: "What?"
REBECCA: "Maybe you can convince him to stop. That might be what you're here for."
ERIC: "I failed before. I'll probably just do the same again."
REBECCA: "Who was the one telling Cait to not give up just a few minutes ago?"
ERIC: "And she just got dragged off."
REBECCA: "If you want the satisfaction of dying like her, you can go ahead, but you wouldn't be the Eric Larsen I know."
ERIC: "You have a point. Back to cutting."

We continue our cycle. I tire quickly, but I recover in a short amount of time as well. As we work, we talk, not so much about anything important as much as things not trapped inside this doomed school. We talk about plans for the spring and the summer, as if we'll escape this building and life will return to normal. In a way, it's a comfort.

[enter ERIC B]
[enter REBECCA D]
ERIC: "Rebecca, if we do break out of here, what will you do while I tackle Felix?"
REBECCA: "Me? I never thought about that."
ERIC: "That's like you. Hey, don't worry about me for a couple minutes and figure out what's in this for you."
REBECCA: "Alright."
It doesn't take long to come up with my plan. In a way, it parallels his.
REBECCA: "I'll talk to Kenneth. If Shibin's out of commission, he's going to be very stressed. Maybe I can find Max somewhere and rescue him."
ERIC: "Well, we each have our jobs now. As soon as we leave, we'll be split up again."
REBECCA: "I'm sure we'll meet up. And besides, we'll both be happy to leave. Are you tired yet?"
ERIC: "No, I can keep going. We're definitely making progress. The bolt is nowhere near as thick as before. I think once we weaken it enough, we should be able to force the door open, right? There are two of us, we have the strength to snap a bit of steel."
REBECCA: "Be honest. You're exhausted, and so am I. You don't have to show off."
ERIC: "I don't mean to show off. I'm just determined to escape now. Now that there's actually some meaning associated with it, there's nothing that will get in the way."
REBECCA: "Ha, you really are like that, Eric..."
ERIC: "Like what?"
REBECCA: "You're determined. You're built around your resolve. Until now, you just never had a goal."
ERIC: "You mean the valedictorian? That again?"
REBECCA: "That's why it never seemed to be the real you. You knew all along that goal was empty, but you needed a goal. Now you have a real one."

But we still have a ways to go. Eric tries kicking at the door after my next filing session, but it's a futile effort. The fact that I know we've made progress is enough for me to keep trying, even if we're not that close yet. I wish I didn't tire out so fast, but my arms are aching.

[enter ERIC B]
[enter REBECCA D]
ERIC: "You're done already?"
REBECCA: "Sorry. I can keep going if you're not ready."
ERIC: "That's alright. I'm tired too."
REBECCA: "I don't think I'll recover for a while. I'm sore, it's cold, and we don't have enough light. How about we eat?"
ERIC: "I think we should be able to break out some time tomorrow, so sure. We'll finish off our food tonight."
REBECCA: "Bon appetit."
We enjoy the last of the peaches. What little Max certainly bought us enough time. I hope he's alright.
REBECCA: "Tomorrow will be the day, then?"
ERIC: "I think so. It won't be long now, anyway."
REBECCA: "Where will we go? We don't know what's open and what's closed and who will attack us and who won't attack us."
ERIC: "I need to find Felix and you need to find Kenneth. And we both need to find out what happened to Max."
REBECCA: "Shibin caught Max, right? But he wasn't exiled. I don't know where to start."
ERIC: "And I don't know how I start to look for Felix. I need to get back to the English hallway on the second floor, I know, but we could only get there through the basements. As we're opening the door to the first floor, where do I go?"
REBECCA: "Wouldn't the only way through be the catwalks?"
ERIC: "They were barricaded, right? Didn't we think that Pete picked the lock on the biology office...?"
REBECCA: "You could try there."
ERIC: "We'll have to play it by ear then."
REBECCA: "Okay."
ERIC: "What do you think then? Should we call it a day for the filing?"
[hold]

[goto s0029]