[s0073]
[decrement ERIC]

[enter REBECCA E]
[enter ERIC B]
REBECCA: "Oh?"

Except for him. That's Eric Larsen, a senior, and captain of the archery team. He's also extremely strong in all academic areas and as of last spring was in heated contention for top of the graduating class. I've hardly spoken to him, and no one in this class talks to him either. What's he doing in here, anyway? Doesn't he know this is a weakness? Very odd. And why is he talking to me?

[enter ERIC A]
[enter REBECCA D]
ERIC: "Hey. Um, if you don't mind..."
REBECCA: "What?"
...It'd be impolite to shake him now. He's my team's captain after all.
ERIC: "I'd be grateful if you could help me repair a few bows early for tomorrow's practice. I know that'll only be our third meeting, but I want to start practices as soon as possible."
REBECCA: "Maybe I can help. No promises."
He's never talked to me in this class before. He usually doesn't talk at all, but that's to be expected.
ERIC: "Thanks. I'll see you at 3:00 tomorrow then if you decided to show. Oh, and make sure you're there today, even if you decide not to help. It's the new members meeting."
REBECCA: "Got it. Oh, Sid Wallace wanted me to let you know he might be late for today's meeting."
ERIC: "Oh, Sid. I forgot he was joining..."

It's his first year as a captain. Well, it's rare for anyone but seniors to captain a team, so most captains only work one year. The captain's positions are highly valued as a captain has the opportunity to earn extra credit if his or her team performs well at one of the regional competitions. Archery isn't a strong team though. Last year was the first year, and the as the team was founded by a senior who wasn't interested in credit, we were never really pushed hard. Otherwise, I would never have joined. Everyone this year expects Eric to run us into the ground, chasing the competition medals... I'm not looking forward to it.

This afternoon is our first look at the new students this year. After seeing those who attended last night at the former members meeting, we only had four remaining members. Three members including the founding captain graduated, and one girl unexpectedly quit. Unless at least two new people join, we won't be an official team. Usually when that happens, the captain dissolves the team because it's not worth the time commitment if there's no credit to be earned.

[goto s0074]