[s0092]

ERIC: "We might as well see what everyone else is up to."
SID: "Good point. It looks like we'll be trapped with these guys for a couple hours at least, so we might as well find out how they're doing."

As it turns out, the jazz ensemble members are very boring. There are one or two kids in my year that weren't ever very serious students, so I wouldn't know them. Everyone else is younger than me, so I haven't met them. Sid talks to a couple of them and I shake a few hands, but my mind is elsewhere. But then we finally come to Henry.

[enter SID C]
[enter ERIC B]
[enter HENRY E]
HENRY: "Eric Larsen, is that you? You were in that horrible physics class, right?"
ERIC: "Yeah. Hi Henry."
I'm trying to remember if we got along last year. Most of physics last year is just a montage of Marisa, so I draw a blank.
ERIC: "How goes it?"
HENRY: "This sucks. I hate just waiting around for things to happen, don't you?"
ERIC: "Sort of. That's why I'm checking up on everyone."
HENRY: "That's kind of you and all, but you're not really helping anyone."
SID: "It's better than nothing."
HENRY: "Are you insulting me?"
SID: "No, I'm just stating the fact."
HENRY: "Look, if you're going to call me useless, just do it. Don't be all roundabout."
SID: "Calm down."
HENRY: "Have you ever noticed that whenever you tell someone to calm down, it almost always has the opposite effect?"
SID: "Maybe I'm just not good at dealing with people."
HENRY: "Guess not. But anyway, Eric..."
[exit HENRY]
[exit SID]
[enter HENRY D]
[enter SID E]
He steps directly in front of Sid.
HENRY: "What do you think is taking the rescuers so long?"
ERIC: "They're probably working on freeing the students in the gym first or something like that."
SID: "Yeah, believe it or not, not everyone's all concerned about you."
HENRY: "Okay, now you're just trying to bait me. Why don't you go to the auditorium and calm your temper a bit?"
SID: "I suggest you do the same."
HENRY: "You're kind of insufferable, you know? It's too bad you're such a good pianist. But, Eric..."
When he tries to elbow Sid away this time, Sid just darts around to his other side.
HENRY: "I think the rescuers are trapped in the snow themselves."
SID: "No kidding. Do you realize how far the nearest town is?"
HENRY: "Whoever's doing the rescuing has to rescure the first team that was sent down here."
SID: "Look, if the blizzard's that bad, are a bunch of magnet school kids going to be the top priority?"
ERIC: "You really think the storm's that bad?"
HENRY: "Hell, we're stuck in here, right?"
SID: "But there would have to be an absurd amount of snow in half an hour to trap a truck."
HENRY: "What do you know about trucks and snow?"
SID: "What, are you the truck master or something?"
HENRY: "I'm pretty sure I've taken more physics courses than you, anyway."
SID: "Fine, but Eric's taken the same courses. Eric, what do you think?"
[hold]

[choice]
[Agree with Sid :: s0093]
[Agree with Henry :: s0094]