[s0091]

[enter KENNETH C]
KENNETH: "Listen up. It's 10 o'clock. We're going to shut the laptop in a few minutes, so that means no more light. We have about ten hours of battery life spread across four machines, so we don't want to waste it. Then at 11:30, we're suspending conversations until the morning. If no one has come for us by then, we'll have to use more of the food. I think we should be free by early tomorrow."
MAX: "You keep thinking that, pal..."
...though I Max doesn't say that very loudly.

[enter SOPHIE C]
SOPHIE: "Mind if I lay down?"
Just before the laptop turns off, Sophie pulls over a sleeping bag.
[enter MAX A]
[enter REBECCA B]
MAX: "Hi, Sophie. Nice to see you on a lovely night like this."
He's lying on his back, watching the blank skylights.
SOPHIE: "Sorry, I didn't see you Max."
REBECCA: "Hello, Sophie. Ignore Maximilian. He turns petulant when the moon comes up, apparently."
MAX: "You're too kind. I'm petulant all the time."

No one seems too interested in talking. Max continues to gaze upwards, hands beneath his head. Sophie has her sleeping bag ruffled around herself as she hugs her knees. I sit cross-legged, watching the other circles of students murmur to each other. In this large space, even whispers echo. By now, I'm tired now. It must be 11:30. I can hear Cait tripping over peoples' feet and ordering them to stop talking. Without the light of the laptop, I can't see two feet in front of me.

[enter MAX B]
[enter REBECCA C]
[enter SOPHIE A]
MAX: "What does Cait think she's going? Is this some kind of boot camp?"
REBECCA: "I've known her a while. She's just enjoying herself. Let's indulge her."
MAX: "You toy with peoples' idiosyncrasies way too much. And I'm not much in the mood to tolerate some random underclassman telling me it's bedtime."
SOPHIE: "But what can you do?"
MAX: "In the grand tradition of Thoreau and Gandhi, I will adopt passive resistance."
[enter CAIT E]
CAIT: "What are you babbling about? It's 11:30 if you haven't noticed. Be quiet."
MAX: "Cait! Haven't you realized? It's 11:30! You can't be talking now!"
CAIT: "That's what I'm telling you."
MAX: "You seem to be confused about who's telling whom here."
CAIT: "Do you want me to hurt you?"
MAX: "That would certainly be interesting."
And he says I toy with people too much? And how is this passive resistance?
CAIT: "You'd probably enjoy it, wouldn't you?"
MAX: "I love discipline."
CAIT: "Alright, that's just wrong. Shut up."
MAX: "I shall."
[exit CAIT]
Cait starts to walk back towards Shibin and Kenneth.
MAX: "Please continue to enforce discipline on the other students for me, dear Caitlyn!"
She looks like she's about to change her mind about hurting Max, but I hear a ruckus by the door and then movement by my feet.
PETE: "Hi hi, I need a sleeping bag, and also the door guard wants a break. Hey, is there anything to drink?"
CAIT: "Would you be quiet? What is with you people? This is impossible."
Max's laughter doesn't help the situation.

Between Pete's antics and Shibin's resolve, Pete ends up without a sleeping bag for tonight. He certainly looks cold. He's scrawny, even for a freshman.

[enter SOPHIE B]
[enter PETE D]
[enter REBECCA A]
SOPHIE: "Here, you can have this. I won't be needing it."
PETE: "You're giving me your bag? Hey thanks."
Without further ado, he curls into a ball.
REBECCA: "What are you going to do?"
SOPHIE: "Maybe I'll guard the door. I doubt I'll be able to sleep anyway. I have a bad feeling about this."
REBECCA: "Just like Max, huh?"
[enter MAX E]
MAX: "Except I'm sensible enough to get some rest instead of drowning in self-pity."
His voice is muffled by the sleeping bag.
[exit MAX]
SOPHIE: "You're useless. At least I try to help."
[exit SOPHIE]
I lose track of her in the darkness.

For my part, I try to sleep. I don't have many other options. Unlike Max, I realize that there is a dangerous side to Cait and I'd rather not needlessly antagonize her. Before I drift off, my thoughts wander to the other students in the building. They don't have food, sleeping bags, laptops, or any of the essentials we've scavenged for ourselves... I hope Eric's okay.

[goto s0039]