[s0115]
[increment MARISA]

MARISA: "That's... the truth?"
ERIC: "I'm not lying. That's how it was, and that's why I'm standing here."
She has her face tilted and her blinking is irregular.
ERIC: "Are you alright?"
MARISA: "You just surprised me is all. Somewhere along the way, I made a huge mistake about you, Eric Larsen."
ERIC: "Don't tell me it was the moment you duped me into failing that class. There's no way that wasn't premeditated."
MARISA: "No, that's not it. That's not it at all."
She thinks for a few moments.
MARISA: "Eric, what if it had been the other way around?"
ERIC: "If what was the other way around?"
MARISA: "If I failed and you passed. If you succeeded and became valedictorian and I was left to wonder what the hell to do with myself. What if that happened?"
ERIC: "It didn't, and that's the end of it. Marisa, I can't chase you down on the hypotheticals. For weeks after that test, that's all I did. What if it was a mistake? What if I'm the one who screwed up? That's all I could think of. It hurt, Marisa."
MARISA: "If I said it hurt me just as much, you'd never believe me, would you?"
ERIC: "You can say what you like, but at this point what I think of you will never change. You will always be that person that I trusted and admired that let me down. I think I'm finally starting to get over what happened six months ago and move on with my life. I suggest you do the same."
MARISA: "And that's where I miscalculated, Eric."
ERIC: "What?"
MARISA: "I thought it would take you a at most week to move on. And maybe way back then I thought it would only take me that long as well. But you're different than me, Eric."
ERIC: "I hope so."
MARISA: "Why did you have to care so much, back then? I don't mean care about grades and all that nonsense, I mean, why did you have to care about me even after I did something so unforgivable to you? If you had just... I don't know. If you had gone crazy that you'd lost, or just calmly resigned yourself to academic failure, I think I would've been fine."
ERIC: "As far as I can tell, you're doing fine. When we get out of here and everything's back to normal, you'll carry on, beat Felix, and take home what you've worked four years for."
MARISA: "Then you're wrong about me, Eric. I've changed since then, and not in a positive, rational way that you have. I don't even remember who I was back then. Just be glad you came out the way you did. It could've ended a lot worse."
ERIC: "I think I'll go now."
MARISA: "One last thing."
ERIC: "Hm?"
MARISA: "I can't guarantee what will happen tomorrow, but... It won't be good. Sorry in advance."

I have no idea where that came from, and my response is only to walk back out the way I came. Something's clearly wrong with Marisa, but there's nothing I can do for her. I'll stick with what I can handle. I pass through into the entrance hall, and I'm tempted to close the doors behind me.

[goto s0046]