[s0113]
[increment CAITLYN]

REBECCA: "Sure, I'll do it. See you later, Sophie."
SOPHIE: "Stay safe."
CAIT: "Excellent. I knew I could count on you in a pinch."

We make our through the students on the floor and to the unguarded door out to the gym hall.

[enter REBECCA B]
[enter CAIT D]
REBECCA: "So, what's this about?"
CAIT: "What's what about?"
REBECCA: "Where are we headed? You didn't exactly offer many details."
CAIT: "Sure I did. We're headed down to the basements. If Pete can save freezing students, so can I, right?"
REBECCA: "Oh, I thought you were joking... I guess I'll still come. Are you sure the door down there is open?"
We've arrived at the south stairs. The fire door on this level is shut, but as we're coming from the correct direction, it isn't a problem. We'll only have issues if the door in the basement is closed.
CAIT: "If Arya is half as smart as she seems, she'll have left the door propped open. We just need something to prop open the one on this floor."
REBECCA: "Did you have something in mind?"
CAIT: "Hm..."
She digs through her pockets.
REBECCA: "Won't that knife work? It's broken, so it shouldn't matter if we leave it here."
CAIT: "Nope. It still has some use left to it, and if someone saw half a butterfly knife hanging in the doorway, they might grab it. I'll just use a pen. No one should notice that."
We step through the fire door and Cait places the pen where the door should lock onto the wall fixture.
CAIT: "Now let's get going."
REBECCA: "Do you have anything to do about the light?"
CAIT: "You forget who was in charge of cell phone collection."

We work our way down the stairs to the basement landing by the light of Cait's borrowed phones. Sure enough, Arya left a plank of wood in the basement door hinge, preventing it from closing. We pass through the doorway into the bottom of the school.

[enter CAIT B]
[enter REBECCA B]
CAIT: "Let's check the classrooms. I'll take one side of the hall, you handle the other."
REBECCA: "Got it."

The basement of the school has a similar floor plan to the upper floors. There are two main wings on either side of the auditorium with stairwells for each hall. There's a lounge connecting the two wings, but I can't even remember if there are fire doors on it or if it's locked after hours. We'll stick to searching the chemistry classrooms on this hall.

[enter REBECCA D]
REBECCA: "Cait?"
[enter CAIT B]
CAIT: "Yeah?"
REBECCA: "All of these doors are locked. We can't search in here."
CAIT: "If the door is locked, there's obviously no one in there."
REBECCA: "Oh, right."
CAIT: "But if you see something interesting, break the window."
REBECCA: "Uh."

I expect Cait to start breaking apart the school any minute now, but luckily I never hear the crash. Instead, we meet each other by the offices at the end of the corridor. I try one of the handles. It's locked, of course.

[enter CAIT B]
[enter REBECCA D]
CAIT: "Damn it. There's no one here. I guess that was to be expected, though."
REBECCA: "Maybe it's a good thing no one else was stuck down here. This place is really cold."
CAIT: "True. I wish I could see what was in these offices though. Now that there's no one around, this is the perfect time to snoop. Rebecca, do you know how to pick locks?"
REBECCA: "What? Why would I know that?"
CAIT: "I don't know. Pete could do it, so maybe someone else can. It couldn't be that hard to learn, could it?"
I'm not going to argue with her. I'm surprised Pete had the patience for such a skill as well.
REBECCA: "Should we be going back now? I didn't tell Max that I'd be gone, so he might be worried."
CAIT: "I know, I know, it's a lost cause. Can you think of anything else that might be useful down here?"
REBECCA: "Maybe in the physics lab? I hear there are electronics and robotics supplies in there."
CAIT: "That's no good, Rebecca. Arya would've already grabbed it all. You're supposed to be smart, can't you think of anything? I can't go back empty-handed like this."
REBECCA: "Don't worry about it. There wasn't much chance of finding anything."
CAIT: "That's not the point."
REBECCA: "We can't all be heroes."
I regret it the instant I say it.
CAIT: "Listen to me, Rebecca."
Considering her tone, I'm surprised she's not holding that knife to my throat.
CAIT: "Pete isn't a hero. He's just a kid that got lucky, okay? So can we please get over him?"
REBECCA: "Okay, sorry. Let's just forget this happened."
She turns around.
CAIT: "Hey, I'm sorry about that Rebecca. I'm just trying to help, and sometimes it can get a bit frustrating. Everyone else always seems like they have something to do."
REBECCA: "Cait, I've been running around all day, but it still feels like I haven't accomplished anything."
CAIT: "That makes me feel a bit better, I guess. Are you ready to head back?"

When we arrive back at the gym, I convince Cait to enter first. I wait a minute or two and then step in afterwards. I'd rather not take the risk of Shibin blowing up at me for slipping off with Cait. It's strange, though... At first I thought Caitlyn was some kind of enforcer for Shibin and Kenneth, but she seems all over the place lately. Did she ever have an official role in the first place?

Max finds me eventually, and we wander back to our makeshift camp with Sophie. From time to time I try to spot Cait or Pete, but as the light from the windows fades even more, it becomes impossible to tell where anyone is. I'm left to speculate with the present company as we await the evening meal.

[goto s0043]