[s0121]

ERIC: "We'll accept. Let me go talk with Henry and I can get the water."
FELIX: "I'm glad you're being reasonable."
SID: "And you're just going to leave me up here?"
FELIX: "Calm down. It's not like I'm going to run over and shove you off the edge once Eric leaves. If anything, I should be worried about you, seeing as how you've killed a girl."
SID: "I'm telling you, she did that to herself."

I leave Felix and Sid to argue while I head back to the main room. Henry might challenge me about cutting a deal with Felix, but I can count on the other students not to put up much of a struggle. After all, Sid and I were the ones who procured the water in the first place.

[enter ERIC B]
[enter HENRY D]
ERIC: "Henry."
HENRY: "Hi Eric. Did you cut Marisa down yet?"
ERIC: "Felix interrupted us."
HENRY: "Felix Salazar? How'd he get in there? Don't tell me he's been hiding in there with Marisa all along, that creep."
ERIC: "No, nothing like that. He broke through one of the doors to the catwalks. He wants to make a trade."
HENRY: "A trade?"
ERIC: "We give him water, he gives us food. What do you think? I said I'd talk it over with you and then get back to him."
A little ego stroking can't hurt.
HENRY: "It depends. I don't know Felix too well, so can we trust him?"
ERIC: "He might be a little ferocious, but he plays by the rules when he can. I'm sure he'll follow through."
HENRY: "I don't see any reason why not then. I'm pretty damn hungry, too."
ERIC: "Okay. I'll bring in the water."
HENRY: "How do you intend to get that up to him if Felix is on the catwalks?"
ERIC: "I never really thought of that."
HENRY: "Maybe you'd better let me help out."

In the end, Henry manages to rig one of the stage pulleys into a sufficient lifting device. Sid, Marilyn, and I let Felix and Henry stand on each end of a curtain rope. They call out to each other and eventually the palette of water is airborne. The debate members with Felix untie the knot and bring in the box of granola bars, and the process of setting up the lift starts over again. In the meantime, I'll help Sid descend from the catwalks.

[branch NITEMARE > 0]
[true :: UNIMPLEMENTED]
[false :: s0122]