[s0124]

ERIC: "Let's team up."
SID: "Smart move. Let's hope Felix agrees."
Both Felix and Marilyn are already coming back across the catwalks.
[enter FELIX A]
FELIX: "Eric! I hear you have a proposal."
What? Marilyn must've presented it as some sort of offer on my part. That won't help the balance of power, but my decision is final.
ERIC: "Yeah. Why don't either we come up there or you come down here? We'll pool our resources. This is about survival, Felix, not my pride."
FELIX: "You're smart, Eric. I'll accept under one condition."
SID: "Oh really?"
FELIX: "You guys come up here. I don't want to live down there with a dead girl."
ERIC: "I'm with you on that one. Here's to a new partnership."
FELIX: "Great. We've got a nice little setup on the second floor in the English offices. Now we need to do is figure out how to get you guys up here."
[enter HENRY E]
HENRY: "What's this? We're going up?"
ERIC: "We're joining up with Felix and Marilyn. Everyone's moving to the English hallway."
HENRY: "So now we need to modify the lift to bring up people. Hey, you, over there! Fetch me the curtain! And we'll need the other rope too!"

What ensues is Henry at his best. Over the next two hours, he directs the work from the top and bottom to rig an elevator system stable enough to transport supplies and people from the stage to the catwalks. The jazz ensemble members are all responsive and we do our best to construct the lift out of the cords littering the backstage area. The base of the elevator is comprised of half of the stage curtain with the rope anchored at the four corners. Sid loops the rope over the pulley at the rafters and tosses it down. I anchor it to a few of the weights while Henry stands on the curtain to keep it down.

As a test run, we send up the remaining water bottles. I adjust the weights to equal the weight of the water, and Sid, Felix, and Marilyn control the speed from the top of the system. After they reach the top, I undo the weights to drop the curtain back to stage level. Henry opts to be the first up the system, and the operation is successful. One by one, each other student is hoisted into the air and steps off onto the catwalk. I attach the counterweights one last time and ascend.

[enter SID B]
[enter MARILYN A]
[enter HENRY D]
[enter FELIX E]
[enter ERIC C]
SID: "Good work, Henry."
MARILYN: "I agree. That was brilliant."
HENRY: "Thanks, but, uh, should we do something about her...?"
FELIX: "The dead one?"
Marisa is lying on floor in an unnatural position. Felix shines the light back and forth a few times.
ERIC: "There's nothing we can do."
FELIX: "Eric, you have to explain this to me. I thought you had retired. I thought you weren't interested in the standings any more. What did you do that convinced her to kill herself? Maybe I should thank you..."
ERIC: "What? No, I didn't have anything to do with this."
I say that, but I have my own doubts.
MARILYN: "Felix, don't."
FELIX: "It wouldn't be right if I didn't thank him. I have my honor, you know."
MARILYN: "She's dead, the poor thing, so be quiet about it."
Felix moves away and we make to leave through the catwalk door.
MARILYN: "I almost didn't recognize you down there, Eric."
ERIC: "Oh really?"
MARILYN: "Well, it was dark and we had other things on our minds. But if I hadn't, I don't think I would've had the guts to set this up. Good thing I spotted you."
She laughs.

[goto s0126]