[s0120]
[increment REFUSE_BAD_END]

ERIC: "No deal, Felix."
FELIX: "Oh really, Eric? And why might that be?"
ERIC: "There's no way I can trust you. If I know the first thing about you, it's that you intend to last as long as possible in here, whether the rest of us survive or not. So, sorry Felix, unless you can provide proof that you're willing to work in good faith, we refuse the offer."
FELIX: "I was worried you might do that, Eric. Don't come crying back to me when you starve to death. Let's go, Marilyn."
[exit FELIX]
[exit MARILYN]
He moves to the catwalks door as the other debate students and Marilyn pass through it. He looks at me one last time before the door slams behind him.
SID: "Are you sure that was the right thing to do?"
ERIC: "I really didn't have a choice. I'm not about to give the rest of our supplies to Felix and then hope that he decides to lower some of his store. Would you have taken that risk?"
SID: "No, probably not, but I thought Felix was a friend of yours."
ERIC: "That's not the right word. He's someone I knew, but he was more of a sworn rival."
SID: "I see. It's more of this valedictorian nonsense."
ERIC: "It's not like that. He doesn't work well with others. To him, everything's a competition."
SID: "Then you made the right call."
ERIC: "Okay, why don't we get you down from there?"

I spot for Sid again as he scales the wall back down the stage. Marisa's body is still lying out across the floor.

[enter ERIC B]
ERIC: "Come on, let's get out of here."
This time, when we exit the auditorium, the door shuts behind us. To be honest, I never want to enter that place again. Henry is waiting for us on the other side.

[enter HENRY E]
[enter SID A]
[enter ERIC B]
HENRY: "What took you so long?"
SID: "It takes a bit of time to climb up to the catwalks."
ERIC: "Plus we ran into Felix."
HENRY: "Felix Salazar? How did you manage that? Did he come to claim Marisa's corpse or something?"
ERIC: "I know there are certain similarities, but no, Felix isn't some sort of death reaper. He showed up on the catwalks. Apparently they managed to unlock the doors up there."
HENRY: "Where is he now?"
ERIC: "He left. He didn't want to join forces or anything; he just wanted us to give him some of the water supplies."
HENRY: "And you told him to get lost, I hope?"
ERIC: "Yeah. I doubt he'll be coming back for a while. I wonder how many of them are trapped up there."
SID: "Probably only the five or six kids on the debate team. I wouldn't worry much about them though... They have the entire floor to scavenge for materials."
ERIC: "True. Could there be other pockets of students that we're forgetting about?"
HENRY: "Aside from the kids in the gym, you mean?"
SID: "Well, let's see, the jazz ensemble is here in the entrance hall, the track and archery teams would be shut in the gym, and I think the swim team was practicing on Friday, so they'd be at the pool."
ERIC: "Isolation would be horrible in these circumstances. I hope they're alright."
HENRY: "Eric, we're practically isolated at this point. Felix can roam the halls and all the gym people need to do is feed off the stockpiled expedition supplies. Do we have anything left to eat?"
SID: "If help doesn't show up soon, we'll be in dire straits no matter where we are. Let's just be grateful for what we have."
HENRY: "You're right. It's probably more pleasant down here without Felix trying to screw us over at every turn. If only there was something we could do to escape..."
SID: "Hey, before you start worrying about escape again, you have your end of the deal to take care of."
HENRY: "Deal?"
SID: "We cut down Marisa, and then you take care of the body. How are you going to do that?"
HENRY: "Can't we just put her... I don't know. Maybe we just seal off the auditorium."
ERIC: "You really don't want to move her, do you?"
HENRY: "Neither do you, so don't you give me a hard time about this! Just give me a bit to think, alright? I'll come up with a plan eventually."
[exit HENRY]
SID: "I can never tell if Henry's a mastermind or an imbecile."
ERIC: "Whatever, as long as he takes care of Marisa."
SID: "You seem pretty calm about this whole thing."
ERIC: "To be honest, it hasn't sunk in yet. I knew it was bad when I saw her, but..."
SID: "Actually, I take that back. You are being weird about this."
ERIC: "She went and hung herself. And I was the last one to talk to her. Can you blame me?"
SID: "No, I'm not. You knew her pretty well. Just keep yourself together for another day or two. When rescue shows up, we can work this all out."
ERIC: "Everyone keeps throwing that phrase around, 'when rescue shows up,' but maybe they never show up. Maybe everyone else is dead, and that's why Marisa killed herself."
SID: "Don't even try to understand her, Eric. It just isn't healthy."
ERIC: "I know, I know, but I can't help it."
SID: "It's going to be a rough couple of days."

[branch NITEMARE > 0]
[true :: UNIMPLEMENTED]
[false :: s0132]