[s0148]

[switchto ERIC]

I wake up when the door to the biology offices slams into the wall. I knew we should've boarded ourselves in.

[enter ERIC C]
ERIC: "Who's there?"
No reply.
ERIC: "Sid, watch out! There's someone - "

But that's as far as I get. It's as if someone dropped a rock on me. I'm on the floor, splayed out with something heavy and panting on top of me.

[enter CAIT D]
CAIT: "Shut up. Don't say anything. Don't even move or I will rip you apart."
I try to sit up, but when I move my neck, I come up against something sharp. I draw my breath.
CAIT: "That's right. Anything more like that and I'll slit your throat. Don't think I'm kidding."
That voice is barely more than a rasping whisper, but I can place it. Is that Cait? Is this some sort of joke?
[enter SID A]
SID: "Eric? What was that? I'm a little - Ouch!"
[exit SID]
There's a thunk, but the person on top of me isn't moving.
CAIT: "This way, you idiot. You walked into a door. I'm in the hall."
[enter SID A]
SID: "Who's there? Visitors?"
CAIT: "Hey! Don't get any closer or Eric dies."
You have to be kidding me. That lunatic is digging her knees into my chest, and one hand on my wrist with the other holding a knife to my throat. I can't even speak.
SID: "What the hell are you talking about? Let me get my phone..."
Even the dim light from Sid's cell phone is blinding against the darkness of the night inside the office.
SID: "What in the - "
CAIT: "Yeah, stand right there and listen to me. Don't try anything, or I won't hesitate. Look, Eric's already bleeding. So you're Sid, right? I hope you can be reasonable about this."
SID: "Reasonable? You want me to be reasonable? You're the one who just took Eric hostage for some unfathomable reason."
CAIT: "I'm alive, and I intend to keep staying alive, and I intend to do whatever it takes to make that happen. So just do what I say."
SID: "It's going to happen again, isn't it? Someone else is going to die right in front of me. Damn it Eric, hang in there."
CAIT: "I want water. Bring me your water and your food. That's all I want, and then I'll leave you to rot in this dump." 
SID: "I've got a tank of water, but that's all. We're just as hungry as you are."
[enter REBECCA E]
[exit SID]
REBECCA: "Cait, what's going on?"
There's a different voice. This one isn't coming from above me, but from in front and towards the door.
CAIT: "Stay back, Rebecca. I'm just getting some supplies from our good friends."
[enter SID A]
SID: "Here you go."
The light of the phone jerks up and down as he lugs out the water.
CAIT: "You're sweet. Maybe I'll let Eric live."
REBECCA: "What the hell are you doing? Is that Eric Larsen you have on the floor? Get off of him!"
SID: "How were you planning on getting out of this, Cait? If you let Eric go so you can take the water, then I'll have your head before you get a chance to bring that knife on me."
CAIT: "Easy. Rebecca carries the water and I take the hostage with us."
REBECCA: "I'm not doing a thing until you let him go! Do you hear me, Cait? This isn't at all what I wanted to happen!"
CAIT: "I don't care what anyone thinks, Rebecca, not even you. This is how I'm going to escape this mess, and I'll carry through with it. If you want to live a little longer, go take that water."
After a two second pause, Rebecca blurts out one single sentence to Sid.
REBECCA: "Tackle her, and I'll pin her knife hand."
SID: "Go for - "

But before he's finished responding, Cait's weight shifts on top and there's a thud from behind me and Rebecca screams. I squirm, but I can't move. Cait's knife is right there. My mind is working overtime to come up with anything I can do, but there's only a second to think.

[enter SID D]
[enter CAID B]
SID: "I've got her!"
He lands on her back and the weight on my chest doubles. Did Sid not notice that Rebecca's down?
CAIT: "Get off of me you brat! I'll kill him! I'll kill you too!"
In the dark, I can't tell if Sid found a better hold or if Cait's hand slipped or if she just decided it was time for me to go, but by the time I realize what's happened, it's just enough to feel the sharp bite and then the rush of pain and then nothing, nothing, nothing.

[goto s0149]