[s0164]

ERIC: "Wait, if Felix is acting strangely, won't you join us? Rebecca Bell is with us too, and I see you've met Caitlyn here."
HENRY: "Heavens no. You seem to have picked up a psychopath, and in any case, Felix has a stable food supply and the means to get more. I'm sorry he won't welcome you back, Eric, but I think Marilyn could convince him to take Lyra back into the group. Felix is listening a lot more to her these days, even if Marilyn's been sick."
ERIC: "I'll let Lyra decide and find some way to contact you later then."
HENRY: "Okay. You take care, Eric. You're a good man."
[exit HENRY]
He climbs up the stairs and out of sight.
CAIT: "Are you sure that's a good idea?"
ERIC: "I'm not sure what else you would have me do."
CAIT: "Hmph. I still don't like it, but you're the boss."
ERIC: "Come on, we better tell the others."

I share the news with Sid and Rebecca, who are now awake. Lyra is still asleep and we decide to let her be for the time being. Surprisingly, neither of them care too much. I guess the appearance of the lock on the biology hallway didn't make much difference to them. It was good to see Henry again, though. Though I'm disappointed he didn't join up with us, I'm glad he's doing okay for himself. All we can do is hope that Felix and his group hold on until help arrives. But it's been almost a week now. Where is the rest of the world?

We elect to spend most of our morning on the landing of the south stairwell. This way we'll be able to receive Max's note as soon as it arrives, and we can also take advantage of the light shining through the exit door. Cait gives the door a push, but to no avail. Is this school still shrouded in ice?

[enter CAIT E]
CAIT: "I didn't think that would work, but it's still depressing."
[enter ERIC D]
[enter REBECCA B]
ERIC: "Maybe Henry's original strategy was the right line of thinking..."
REBECCA: "What did he end up doing?"
ERIC: "He smashed some glass in the cafeteria, but chipping the ice away wasn't going anywhere fast. Maybe we would've had some luck by now if we broke an upper story window and tried chiseling our way out."
[enter SID A]
SID: "Too late now. We don't even have access to the second floor any more."
[exit SID]
[enter LYRA A]
LYRA: "I wonder why we're all still trapped in here..."
REBECCA: "Don't we all."
LYRA: "Maybe this is a test."
ERIC: "A test? From whom?"
LYRA: "Oh, anyone. It doesn't really matter now."
ERIC: "That's the conclusion Sid and I came to back in the entrance hall. It doesn't do much good to wonder what's going on out there, but it might still be useful to consider how we can get out."
CAIT: "Well, when you were actually at the second story, did you try to open a window?"
[exit LYRA]
[enter SID A]
SID: "I don't think so."
CAIT: "That was awfully stupid, now wasn't it?"
SID: "Felix or someone probably tried that already. I mean, it's a pretty obvious thing to do."
This is pointless.
ERIC: "Let's just concentrate on survival for now."

We continue to wait. The atmosphere from last night is completely gone by now. The cold reality is setting in that we are in a completely helpless situation here. With nothing to do, we sit down on the floor. Cait rises and paces around the room.

[enter CAIT B]
[enter ERIC D]
[enter SID A]
[enter REBECCA E]
CAIT: "I'm going back to check on Henry."
ERIC: "He can't get in. We shut the fire door, remember?"
CAIT: "I know, but the thought of that kid slinking around makes me nervous. I'll yell at him if he's kicking the door in or something."
ERIC: "Do what you want."
[exit CAIT]
She scampers off.
ERIC: "I should've warned her not to stab him or something..."
SID: "Rebecca, you're decent friends with her, right?"
REBECCA: "I'd like to think so."
SID: "Do you mind explaining why she's down here again? I know it's because she wounded that Pete Sai kid, but why?"
REBECCA: "They had some minor argument, and Pete picked a fight. Cait couldn't resist. She'll do anything to prove herself."
SID: "And Pete?"
REBECCA: "I thought at first he was just stupid, then I thought he was fearless, and now I think he knew what he was doing all along. He's a psycho, no doubt about it."

And we return to silence. I notice Lyra seems to be sleeping. I hope she's not coming down with something serious. No one's checked her fever in a while. Is she always this strange, or is the fever the cause? I hope we both survive long enough to find out. The quiet is just starting to grow heavy when Rebecca and I both perk up to the sound of footsteps outside the door. After a delay of a few minutes, Rebecca scoops up a piece of paper from under the door. As we read it by the light of the exit door, the footsteps move away from the door.

"Hey Rebecca - Or I guess there are more of you people now. I should be able to deliver more supplies some time tonight. I managed to grab fire door guard duty again. It's complete chaos up here. Pete Sai is missing. No one knows where he's gotten to and right now Shibin's blaming him for the missing food. Shibin's combing the lockers and pool, so it's a good thing you didn't surface last night. There's still no one on food guard so I should be able to deliver some more supplies. It's hard supporting all of you, you know. Anyway, I hope to see you at the same time tonight. - Maximilian Wolf"

[enter REBECCA B]
[enter ERIC D]
[enter SID E]
REBECCA: "Our situation is looking up then."
SID: "Not really. What's with Pete?"
REBECCA: "No idea. I'm sure he'll turn up hiding under the barricade or something."
ERIC: "What else are we going to try to accomplish today?"
REBECCA: "Not much, I don't think. Did you want to try to open the door to the second floor?"
ERIC: "It's not worth it. Sid, how about trying the lock on the biology hallway?"
SID: "I wouldn't want to be there when they're going back and forth for whatever Felix has planned."
REBECCA: "Speaking of which, what happened to Cait? Shouldn't she be back by now?"
But within the minute, the girl in question strolls back into the landing.
[enter CAIT A]
CAIT: "Hey. I hope I didn't miss any of this thrilling waiting."
REBECCA: "The note arrived from Max while you were out doing whatever."
SID: "What exactly were you doing?"
CAIT: "Just making sure Henry left."
ERIC: "He wasn't there yet?"
CAIT: "Nope. No signs of intelligent life."
[exit SID]
[enter LYRA E]
LYRA: "Then what took you so long?"
I guess she's awake.
CAIT: "I took a rest in the lounge."
LYRA: "Or stealing our food, maybe."
CAIT: "We already ate everything in Max's cans. But that wouldn't be too unlikely. I'm starving. And I mean literally starving, you know."
[exit LYRA]
[enter SID E]
SID: "We all are, so stop griping."
CAIT: "Fine, fine. I still don't like it though."
ERIC: "Well, there's no reason to be waiting around here, really. We should go back to the student lounge. At least it's warm down there. And Rebecca, you're going back at midnight, right?"
REBECCA: "Max knows we're all down here, so you can come if you want."
ERIC: "I might. And Cait, you're going to light up that candle?"
CAIT: "I figured we'll save it."
SID: "She does have a point."
ERIC: "Oh well. Back to the lounge then."
I notice as we leave that Lyra trails slightly behind.

The dreary atmosphere again manifests itself in the basement. Lyra returns to her rest in the mess of blankets, Cait walks back and forth in the dark, and Sid wanders off to stand by the north stairs. I'm starting to buy into Henry's philosophy that doing something pointless is better than doing nothing at all. Doing much more nothing might drive me insane. I'm used to being busy all the time, and this can't be healthy psychologically.

The hours to nightfall pass without incident. Lyra shifts in her sleep, and Cait and Sid hop in and out. At times, I rouse myself and pace with them. If I can't do anything productive, maybe pacing will take my mind off things.

[goto s0166]