[s0204]

The entrance hall... There's no one here to stand with me by the windows. I can see the full brunt of the storm now. It's hard to tell how much snow is coming down because of the sheer velocity of the flurries. There could be a foot of snow on the ground or five feet; it's impossible to tell. I place my hand against the class as faint jazz echoes around the hall. The fluorescent lights escape no more than a few inches past the window. I turn around to enter the auditorium.

The auditorium extends from the first floor down to the basement level so that the stage is clearly visible even from where I'm standing, at the entrance. The whole area is lit with a bright light, in contrast to the storm outside. I start descending the stairwell as the six or so students on stage play on. As there are no other students in the audience and I must stand out to the people on stage, I choose an aisle and take a seat.

That's definitely Sid on the keyboard. I can't pick out his sound over the horn, but I never had any ear for music anyway. The only other person I know is a junior named Henry, on trumpet. The rest of the players stand at their places, arranged in a semicircle. The grand piano is unmanned behind them.

Hm, I was wrong before. There is one other audience member, a girl whose face I can't see in the second row from the stage. She looks familiar though. How many girls can I recognize from the back of their head? As the candidates in my mind dwindle down to one, she turns around and I see her face. There's no mistaking Marisa. I'd know her anywhere.

We stare at each other for about five seconds. For my part, I'm not thinking anything. One more second and I'll look away, get up, and leave. Sid saw me here; that's good enough for me. Except, as I stand to leave, somewhere above the rafters I hear a snap, and all auditorium lights simultaneously extinguish. For a moment, the exit signs at the left and right of the stage stand in from the darkness. But only for a moment. Blackout.

[goto s0036]