[s0201]

[switchto ERIC]

It's 4:30. I would've thought Sid would be here by now, at least. There's maybe a fifty percent chance Max and Rebecca will show, Marisa's never coming back, and I have no idea how many freshman would be interested in the world's worst fencing team. Even with my last minute decision, we'll probably be disbanded this year after all.

The empty seats of the student club room stare back at me. I have no idea why anyone would want to meet in here. It's set up like some sort of corporate conference room, as if I should be running a business here, not a half-hearted sports club.

SID: "Hello."
ERIC: "Hey, Sid."
He takes a seat.
SID: "I forgot to tell you, I'm going to have to miss this first meeting."
ERIC: "Oh, it looks to me like you're already here. Where are you headed?"
SID: "I have a rehearsal today."
ERIC: "I thought most of the other practices were cancelled because of the weather."
SID: "Mine isn't. It starts in five minutes."
ERIC: "Come to think of it, you never told me you were in an ensemble. Which one?"
SID: "Jazz band. And I never told you because I figured you'd think it was dumb."
ERIC: "What?"
SID: "Bye."

Maybe this meeting will be a one-person affair anyway... Bad luck. I was sort of looking forward to it.

MAX: "Wow, look at all these new members."
REBECCA: "Don't rub it in, Max. Hey, Eric."
ERIC: "Hi. I was beginning to worry no one would show up."
MAX: "This is practically no one. You should be ashamed."
When I don't respond, we're left sitting in silence.
ERIC: "If it makes it any better, Sid's joining he just had somewhere else to go."
MAX: "Hm, I forget, how many members did we need to entice to remain a team? How silly of me to forget."
We need two more, but I don't think Max justifies a response. I don't know him that well, but enough to know that his smile is just for show.
MAX: "You have no soul. I know you probably wanted this club dissolved anyway, but this is just lame."
I want to respond, but I'm conditioned to catch myself. With those words, Max stands up, yawns, and pokes his head out into the hallway.
MAX: "Yo! Whoever's interested in joining the world-famous St Magnus team for martial arts, swordplay, muscle-building, naturally-enhancing, free-credit-guaranteed team better get in here!"
REBECCA: "Max, what the - "

If I kill Max now, that's one less member recruited. Now there's about a zero percent chance that anyone normal will join this team. Then again, maybe that was always the case. Wasn't this supposed to be a haven for us abnormals anyway? I need to check myself before I revert into my old way of thinking.

MAX: "Hey, it worked! What's your name?"
CAIT: "I'm Caitlyn Baquiran."
MAX: "I'm Maximilian Wolf. It's a real pleasure to welcome you to - "
CAIT: "If I shake your hand I'll catch your crazy. Now is this some kind of knife-fighting league? Karate team? Who's the real captain around here?"
ERIC: "Hi. I'm Eric, nice to meet you. We're the fencing team."
CAIT: "Oh... Well, I guess that's almost like knife-fighting. I guess I'll join."
She pulls out a seat at the table but stops before sitting.
CAIT: "There are three of you. That's not a team."
ERIC: "Sid couldn't make it to the first meeting, and uh, we still need to recruit one more if we want to be an official team..."
MAX: "I can holler again."
CAIT: "Sit down, will you? There are better recruitment strategies."
REBECCA: "Where's she going?"
MAX: "No idea. Do you know her? Cause she seems like quite the tightwad."
REBECCA: "She's not really uptight, just independent. Plus she doesn't appreciate when -"
MAX: "Why do you know everyone's psychological profile?"
REBECCA: "We had a semester of English together."
MAX: "Watch out, Eric. She's had twice as long as you so I'm sure she knows all your little weaknesses now. Your run for valedictorian is over."

Those words might be more correct than he thinks. I wonder if Max is just joking around or Rebecca really did figure out what happened. There should be only one person who knows that. My thoughts are interrupted by a shuffling at the door.

CAIT: "Here. I've recruited our sixth member. Tell them your name."
LYRA: "Lyra Cygnus. Can I ask what team this is?"
MAX: "Cow-tipping."
CAIT: "Shut up. This is the fencing team, and it's not polite to mislead people."
PETE: "You're the one misleading people, haha."
CAIT: "And who are you?"
PETE: "I'm Pete Sai. I'm joining the free-credit-guaranteed fencing team."
ERIC: "Good, that's one more than we need to register as a team. Should we start the meeting?"
CAIT: "Not before this kid apologizes."
PETE: "You should apologize to Lyra then. You forced her to join for nothing."
LYRA: "I'm fine. Fencing sounds interesting actually."
MAX: "Don't feel like you have to stay."
REBECCA: "Max, don't kick her out."
ERIC: "Look, can we just start this meeting already? We've got two tournaments this year instead of only one last year, and - "
I stop when Max starts glaring at me.
PETE: "Hey, we should go down to the gym and check out the snow."

Here we are: my first choice as incompetent captain of the fencing club. Maybe I should stop thinking about how to run this team and step back a moment. I don't know how to control these people or even if I should be controlling them.

[choice]
[Follow Pete :: s0203]
[Call him back :: s0202]