[s0200]

REBECCA: "I might show up. It depends who's coming."
ERIC: "I'd appreciate it if you could at least come to the first meeting so we have enough to form a team."
REBECCA: "You already said that. Just give me space, okay?"
ERIC: "Sorry. I'll go."

There are more than a few things wrong with this. Eric is in the all-important time-devouring ever-dreaded senior year, so why is he wasting his time trying to recruit me for the fencing team? Last year's captain, Emmanuel, failed half his classes, graduated with minimum credits, and could care less whether we won or lost. No one who cared about credit would ever captain our team, so I just figured the group was dead.

MAX: "What did that guy want?"
Just who I was looking for.
REBECCA: "Are you coming to the fencing meeting?"
MAX: "I didn't know you could joke."
REBECCA: "Hey, I can joke, but right now I'm serious. For some reason Eric's decided to start it up again this year."
MAX: "That madman probably thinks that if he makes us practice ten times a day then he can eke some credit out of us at the state tournament."
REBECCA: "I guess you're not coming then."
MAX: "I don't want to be some apple in a cider press, sitting there while Eric Larsen squeezes the life out of me. Can you imagine him turning the little cider crank with that goofy grin on his face? Drip, drip, drip."
REBECCA: "I was only going to show up if you were interested, so never mind, I guess."
SID: "You two should come."
MAX: "Now who are you?"
SID: "Sorry, I should've introduced myself. I'm Sid Wallace. We'll be team mates on fencing this year."
MAX: "Oh come on. If by some miracle Eric manages to recruit enough members, Rebecca and I will be on the sidelines sipping lemonade while you guys practice stabbing each other for eight hours a day."
REBECCA: "He means we're not joining."
SID: "Oh."
REBECCA: "Are you sure you want to join? Eric's a bit of a... I don't know, but if you heard stories about last year's fencing team, it's not going to be the same."
SID: "I'm not sure you know Eric as well as you think you do."
REBECCA: "I don't know him well at all."
SID: "Maybe you should give the team a chance then."
MAX: "Bye? There goes a very odd child."

He's even more of a mystery than Eric. Fine. I'll keep my eye on him as well. It seems no matter how many people I know, there are always others with their own little mysteries.

MAX: "So you're coming to the meeting, right?"
REBECCA: "Does it look like it?"
Actually, I'd consider it.
MAX: "Come on, you can't resist. You have to know why old boring Eric is going to run the loser fencing team. His mysterious aura is too much for you."
REBECCA: "Oh come on."
MAX: "I'm going, if that makes the choice any easier."
REBECCA: "Fine, I'll go. But I still have no idea how Sid changed your mind..."
MAX: "I'm just going because you subconsciously want to go."

I start back in on my homework, but my thoughts keep dancing around in circles. There are still a couple problems. We'll need at least two freshmen to join if we want to be counted as an official team, even if Max and I return. Maybe Eric's plan is to advertise so poorly that no one else shows up and he can honorably disband the team. But then why would he invite Sid?

I don't understand. Last year he was so predictable that I had no trouble pegging him as the generic studying automaton. But it doesn't matter; I'll figure him out. Eventually, I figure everyone out.

[goto s0201]