[s0021]

ERIC: "Let's to it now. Felix either won't carry through or just force us to do it anyway."
SID: "You're right, he's probably just not going to search himself and have us do it in the end."
ERIC: "That's the thing about Felix... You never know when his kindness is actually kindness."
SID: "No, it never is. It's always cold logic for him."
ERIC: "We should get going."
[enter FELIX D]
[enter MARILYN E]
ERIC: "Hello Felix, Marilyn."
I interrupt their conversation.
FELIX: "You're heading out?"
SID: "We're going down to the first floor to search the biology classrooms. If anyone wants to come with us, they're welcome to."
FELIX: "I'm going to stay here. Good luck, though, and let me know if you find anything."

We leave Felix and the others and start back down the hall. Sid has his phone is his hand, but until we actually start searching the rooms, I doubt he intends to use it. Light is starting to become a major issue. I'm glad we recovered the curtains and we're staying in a tighter space now, or the cold would've been another worry on the pile.

[enter SID B]
[enter ERIC D]
SID: "I think I understand your feelings about Marisa now, though."
ERIC: "Where'd that come from? I don't particularly want to think about her any more."
SID: "Just something I noticed. Don't listen to Felix about her. He sees other people as either obstacles or tools, and she happened to be an obstacle. You don't see people as obstacles or tools, so don't feel guilty about her death. There was nothing you could do, and it was ultimately her choice. I don't know what led her there, but that was her decision."
ERIC: "I see your point, but it's not even rational any more..."
SID: "Don't worry about that now. And I won't bring it up again."
We're at the first floor landing by now.
SID: "Do you think the basements are open?"
ERIC: "How could they be? There aren't any teams that meet down there, and for the fire door to be open someone would've had to open it from the other side."
SID: "Well, it's worth a check. We're only out here to be thorough, remember."

We head to the basement landing, but no luck. The fire door is shut and impassable, leaving us unable to get into the basements. From there, we retrace our steps back up to the ground floor and into the biology halls. We come to the first door and a classroom on the right. Well, we knew it would come to this. Sid is carrying one of the weights from the auditorium and he unceremoniously shatters the tiny window. I'm a little concerned for his safety as he reaches through the narrow opening to the lock on the other side, but it opens with a click.

[enter SID B]
[enter ERIC D]
SID: "Let's head in."
ERIC: "Is there any need for light?"
SID: "There's enough coming in from the windows here that we can search without it. If you need to really look at something, let me know."
ERIC: "Right. I'll cover the teacher's desk, and you might want to start in on the cabinets in the back."
SID: "Already there."
We continue to talk as we ransack the classroom for anything useful.
ERIC: "Do you think it was a wise decision to team up with Felix?"
SID: "Don't tell me you're second-guessing yourself now."
ERIC: "No, I mean, I was wondering what your opinion was."
SID: "We would be very cold and very hungry without him, so yes, good idea. Not to mention we have so much more space. I would've lost my will to live if I had sat around in that entrance hall with nothing to do for another day."

I'm glad he can't see me grimace when he mentions "will to live." Marisa keeps surfacing in my mind.

[enter ERIC B]
[enter SID D]
ERIC: "Right... I have a pair of scissors, a padlock, and a pack of gum. Not overly useful."
SID: "A padlock?"
ERIC: "Like the type you'd use to shut a locker if the locker doesn't have a built-in lock. There's a tag here with the combination on it, but I can't read the numbers in the light. I'm sure the scissors are more useful anyway."
SID: "Yeah, I found a few pairs of scissors myself. The only other useful material was a roll of duct tape. I'll take a piece of gum though."
ERIC: "Let's take the scissors. They could be used as knives in a pinch, and duct tape never goes wrong."
SID: "On to the next room then?"

Sid retrieves the weight from the glass by the door and we move on to the next classroom. He raises the weight to strike the window, but...

[enter SID D]
[enter ERIC B]
SID: "It's already broken."
ERIC: "What? Try the knob."
SID: "It's not locked either. Someone's already been in here."
ERIC: "It could've been one of Felix's crew working outside his knowledge. That's perfectly reasonable. Let's open it up and see if they took anything."
SID: "Alright. But let's be careful, okay?"
Sid pushes open the door. The room appears untouched.
ERIC: "I guess I'll search the desks and you take the cabinets?"
SID: "Yeah. Tell me if you find - "
ERIC: "Hold up. Who's there?"
[hold]

In front of me sits a shadow. There is clearly someone sitting at the chair in front of the front desk. In the darkness of the room, only a human outline is visible. Whoever it is isn't moving. Sid stops what he's doing and comes over to join me.

ERIC: "You there. Can you hear me?"
SID: "Who is that?"
ERIC: "Are you okay? Sid, turn on the phone."
[hold]

Sid rummages in his pockets for his phone and flips it open. We wait the three seconds it takes to turn on in tense silence. I keep my eye on the shadowed figure, but whoever it is remains frozen in place, staring back at me. The phone is on. We each gulp as Sid moves the phone to the figure, but there's still no reaction. Only when the light is two inches from the stone face do the features become visible. 
[hold]

It's a girl, a freshman. Laura.

ERIC: "Laura? Wait, I thought she was in the gym."
SID: "Check her pulse."
ERIC: "She's breathing. Well, I guess that could be considered breathing. Oh, she's so cold. We have to get her upstairs. Laura?"
I place both my hands on her shoulders. There's no response, so I don't really have a choice.
SID: "Do you need help carrying her?"
ERIC: "No, she's really light, I'll be fine. Shut the phone off. We just need to hurry up to that staff room and warm her up."

Sid grabs a flute lying on the desk and follows me out the door. Laura's body temperature is unnaturally cold, cold enough that I'm stunned that she's still alive. What was she doing in there, anyway? At least the cause of that mystery music is explained. When we come to the staff room, Sid holds open the door and I deposit Laura in the middle of the mass of students and curtains. Felix flicks on the flashlight.

[enter FELIX D]
[enter MARILYN E]
FELIX: "What? What is this? Who is this?"
[enter ERIC B]
[enter SID A]
ERIC: "A half-dead freshman we all thought was in the gym. Laura Cygnus. Let's start warming her up. Can someone grab one of those water bottles and find some food? The faster the better."
FELIX: "You think she's worth that?"
ERIC: "I'll be damned if I don't at least try to help her."
MARILYN: "We'll do whatever we can for her."
FELIX: "I'll help as well then, if only a favor to you, Marilyn."

We wrap her in one of the curtains and huddle around. Before too long, Laura is moving a bit. It seems like an age, but her eyes finally open.

[enter LAURA C]
LAURA: "Am I dead?"
[enter MARILYN D]
MARILYN: "No. You're alive, thank goodness."
LAURA: "Are you sure?"
[enter ERIC B]
ERIC: "Where's that water? Have you had anything to eat or drink since Friday?"
LAURA: "I don't remember."
ERIC: "I'll take that as a no."

It takes another few minutes before Laura is anything close to coherent. Felix has the flashlight off by now and the light from the windows has dwindled to nothing. I hope Laura was the only student to be trapped out in the halls. Any others are probably just as poor off as her by this point, or worse.

[enter MARILYN B]
[enter LAURA D]
MARILYN: "Are you awake now?"
LAURA: "I guess so."
MARILYN: "I'm sorry we don't have any light. Do you know where you are?"
LAURA: "No."
MARILYN: "This is the third floor staff lounge."
LAURA: "And who are you?"
MARILYN: "My name's Marilyn Sumner. Eric and Sid found you in one of the biology classrooms and brought you up here. You were freezing to death in one of the chairs."
LAURA: "I remember that. I just needed to sleep a bit, so... It's warm in here, though... I'm tired."
[enter ERIC E]
ERIC: "Do we let her sleep?"
MARILYN: "We can't do much else. Laura, have a bit of water before you sleep. Sid, do you have that bottle?"
LAURA: "Okay. Good night then."
[exit LAURA]
She trails off. After a few moments, Felix and Henry come over to join us.
[exit MARILYN]
[exit ERIC]
[enter ERIC D]
[enter HENRY B]
[enter FELIX C]
[enter MARILYN A]
HENRY: "She's alright?"
MARILYN: "She'll be fine. I think she just had no energy left."
FELIX: "Great, another mouth to feed. I guess it's better that she's not dead, but I'd prefer if she had just ended up in the gym."
HENRY: "It's not like we have much choice now."
SID: "We have the supplies to last another few days though, don't we? Even with a dozen people?"
[hold]

[goto s0131]