[s0024]
[increment LARA]

ERIC: "Do what you like, but I you know sticking with us won't be easy or comfortable."
LARA: "I've learned nothing will be easy or comfortable until we're all out of here, so I'll stay down here. You're all telling me to go to the gym, but I can't think of any good reason."
ERIC: "Then why did you ever leave with us?"
LARA: "I don't want to be holed up in one place. I'd rather wander."
CAIT: "You're insane. I'm going to stop looking out for you, you know? You have some sort of deathwish."
LARA: "No, I'd rather not die if I can help it. We still have a lot to do, don't we? How's this, when you all can go back to the gym, I'll come with you."
REBECCA: "Don't press her into doing something she doesn't want to do. And besides, Max doesn't even know you all are down here."
ERIC: "That's right... He thinks he's just bringing you some food, right?"
REBECCA: "I don't want to force Max to talk to Shibin about any of this. Shibin is smart. If Max tried to smuggle Lara in, he would eventually figure out where she came from. Let's not spoil our chances of being welcomed back at the gym."
LARA: "I honestly hadn't though of that."
ERIC: "Cait, Rebecca is right. Max is trying to help us so we can't put him through that."
CAIT: "Fine. Don't complain to me if this is the last chance you get, though."
[enter ERIC C]
[enter SID B]
SID: "Last chance at what?"
While we were having our little debate, the last member of our party entered unnoticed.
ERIC: "Maximillian Wolf is delivering supplies to Rebecca tonight at midnight."
SID: "Excellent. So you're deciding whether we escape?"
CAIT: "It's useless trying to convince them. Don't waste your breath."
SID: "We'll wait for our opportunity. Maybe when Max knows that there are five of us and not one, he'll be able to help us plan."
REBECCA: "I'm not sure if he's even on our side any more."
SID: "Well, that's good that we're due for a food drop, but Eric, I have some bad news as well."
ERIC: "What happened?"
SID: "North stairs, second floor fire door is closed. Shut, locked, no way through."
ERIC: "That's not possible. Felix used the multitool to cut through the door bolt. It can't even close any more."
SID: "No, there's a padlock on it now."
ERIC: "Damn. I bet that's the lock we found night before last."
SID: "Did you get a chance to read the combination?"
ERIC: "No such luck."
LARA: "He's up to something. Of course Felix is up to something."
ERIC: "I should've known Felix had something in mind. Do you think he was trying to get trid of us?'
CAIT: "Well don't just stand around. We need to act."
SID: "Just what do you want to do?"
CAIT: "Well we better damn well shut the basement fire door at that staircase, or they could come and attack us while we sleep."
LARA: "Good idea."
REBECCA: "What if they come back asking for our help?"
CAIT: "After shutting us out?"
SID: "I don't know Henry or Marilyn or anyone that well, but it's possible they could defect or rebel or something."
REBECCA: "See, this is why you have to take the effort to get to know people."
SID: "Well it's too late now."
CAIT: "Fine. Eric, tell me what to do."
[hold]

[choice]
[Tell Cait to shut off the door :: s0025]
[Tell her not to :: s0155]