[s0023]

ERIC: "Then let's take care of the biology offices, then we head back to the entrance hall."
SID: "Makes sense."

In the light filtering through the windows, we set off down the English hallway. The fire door to the first floor north stairwell swings freely now that its locking device has been cut. Down on the first floor, we hear low chatter coming from the first room that Sid and I smashed last night. Good, no one will find anything in there anyway. I would've liked to have time to check the other two classrooms on this hall, but we'll leave those to Felix; we need to take care of the department office.

[enter LAURA B]
[enter ERIC D]
LAURA: "It's locked."
ERIC: "Wait for Sid to go find that weight. Any door that has a window is never really closed."
I almost feel sorry for tearing apart the school like this, but if the outside world wanted to complain, they've had four days to do it.
[enter SID E]
SID: "Okay. This should only take a moment."
And within a few seconds, we have the door open.

It's hard to see inside. The only light enters through the windows on the doors to the offices. I've never been in here before, actually. This place was intended to be offices for the biology department, but what is thar door on the opposite side of the room? That's right. We're behind the auditorium. That door at the far end...

[enter SID B]
[enter ERIC D]
[enter LAURA A]
ERIC: "Sid, I forgot. These offices connect on the other side."
SID: "You mean that the main hall is on the other side of that door?"
ERIC: "If only it had a window..."
LAURA: "Well, we're on the inside. It should open outwards, right?"
SID: "Give it a try, but it's one of the doors from before the renovation. It's just a wooden door with a normal knob, no fire stuff."
LAURA: "You're right."
She tries the knob again.
LAURA: "It's not opening. And there's no window to smash."
ERIC: "Let's worry about that later. Maybe the key is in one of these desks. Let's search the rooms."

Sid systematically shatters the glass of the four doors leading to the branch offices. After taking care not to cut ourselves on the window holes, the doors are all opened. We need to search before nightfall as we don't want to waste the light left on Sid's phone, so we each cover one of the rooms. By the time I'm done sorting through papers, thumbtacks, and family photos, the light is rapidly fading. I meet up with Sid back in the hallway.

[enter SID D]
[enter ERIC B]
SID: "Nothing?"
ERIC: "Trash, all trash."
SID: "I was a bit luckier. Whoever was in this office had one of those fancy water coolers. There's only about half left in the tank, but it's certainly a good thing."
ERIC: "Nice find. How's Laura doing?"
[enter LAURA E]
LAURA: "All done."
ERIC: "Anything?"
LAURA: "A ring of keys."
ERIC: "Excellent. Is there any label?"
LAURA: "It's hard to tell in the dark, but I don't think so."
SID: "Well, we might as well start by trying them all on this door."
We have no success. The keys are all made for smaller locks than the door in front of us. This door is almost an antique. 
SID: "It might be someone's house keys that they left here or something. It's silly to get our hopes up."
ERIC: "We can keep trying on other doors though."
LAURA: "Can we search the other office now?"
SID: "I don't think there's enough to light to really do an effective job. It's on the far side, so none of us would be able to see anything. If you want to search by touch, I'm willing to give it a shot."
ERIC: "Maybe we should concentrate on opening this door."
SID: "It's too dark to go down to the entrance hall, so we should probably make ourselves comfortable."
ERIC: "If we're going to be here all night, we might as well put off the search until tomorrow."
LAURA: "What if we're ambushed during the night?"
SID: "By who? Does that even make sense?"
LAURA: "Maybe not, but it's something to consider."
ERIC: "Maybe I'll work on filing the bolt on this door. You guys find somewhere nice to sleep, preferably out of the way."

[goto s0143]