[s0038]

I'd know my way through this hallway without the light. We enter the girls' locker and I turn on the phone, only to hear a squeaking noise followed by a crash.

[enter REBECCA B]
[enter PETE D]
[enter CAIT A]
REBECCA: "Pete? What the hell?"
PETE: "Oh, haha, it's only you. I was just picking up some supplies."
It is hard to believe him when he has that grin on his face.
SOPHIE: "Uh... This is the girls' locker room, you know."
PETE: "Whatever. What are you guys doing here anyway?"
REBECCA: "The same thing, actually. We're getting the backpacks."
PETE: "Carry on then."
REBECCA: "Well, as long as you're here, help us carry these bags back."
PETE: "Fine, but don't let anyone know I was in here, okay?"
We load up the bags and head back to the auditorium with Pete in tow. 

It's much darker in here than when we left. Oh, the laptop isn't on. Within a few seconds, I see someone's silhouette against a new screen. Light is restored. I know I shouldn't let Max and Stephen's attitude get to me, but I can't help but think that we're one laptop down.

I stand back and watch Stephen arguing with the original owners of the backpacks. Everyone on the swim team is crowded around him, and the few that have managed to recover their belongings are heading out to change into warmer clothes.

[enter MAX B]
[enter REBECCA D]
MAX: "Hey, what's going on over there, anyway?"
REBECCA: "Looks like Stephen wants to confiscate the backpacks. The swimmers don't look happy."
MAX: "Emininent domain, huh? How'd they get their stuff back from the lockers?"
REBECCA: "Cait and I made the trip."
MAX: "Nice to see you're thinking straight."
REBECCA: "Thanks... Or was that not a compliment?"
MAX: "No, I was being serious. What, are you sad and depressed tonight?"
REBECCA: "Depressed? No, why?"
MAX: "Sophie mopes a lot, so it makes sense. How's she doing? Probably depressed, right?"
REBECCA: "I don't think so. You hardly know Sophie; don't say stuff like that. She's happy enough around me, so maybe you just bug her too much. Why would I magically become depressive from hanging around her?"
MAX: "You tell me, my little emotional chameleon."
REBECCA: "Untrue. If that was the case, I'd have become obnoxious and judgmental from spending too much time with you."
MAX: "Huh, you're right. Your ladylike aura is with you always."
REBECCA: "Oh be quiet."
MAX: "You're so agreeable in the evenings. Have you heard about the sleeping bags?"
REBECCA: "No... You think we'll have to sleep here?"
I know it's a dumb question.
REBECCA: "Then where are the sleeping bags from?"
MAX: "Same place as the rest of the supplies: the research group's cache. Stephen's distributing the bags in a few minutes. You'd better stick around if you want some place warm to sleep tonight."
REBECCA: "If I miss it, I'm taking yours. Where did Cait go?"
MAX: "I don't know. I don't have to keep track of all these hapless new fencing team members. That's Eric's job."
REBECCA: "I wonder how he's doing..."
MAX: "That guy? He'll be fine. I'm sure he's taking charge over their in the auditorium. He's ruthless, you know. He'd strangle puppy dogs if it meant getting his way."
REBECCA: "Do you really think that?
MAX: "What? Wasn't that reassuring? Our brave captain scoffs in the face of danger."
REBECCA: "Never mind. You're pointless to argue with, you know."
MAX: "And proud of it."
[exit MAX]
Though as he walks away, I can tell he doesn't really understand what I'm talking about...

We pass the time talking about insignificant things until Stephen starts walking around with the shelter's sleeping bags. Even for the twenty students gathered here, there are enough sleeping bags for each of us to have two. But of course, Stephen has set aside the exact number of required bags. I receive mine. It's a standard-issue brown lump that you'd expect to find at a military camp, but it's better than nothing. I pull it up around me as Kenneth makes an announcement.

[goto s0091]