[s0043]

[perspective ERIC] Saturday, December 12th: 11:00 AM

I've been waiting for any sign of daylight for almost an hour, but so far, nothing. From my perch on a table I can barely make out the open auditorium doors fifteen feet away. The giant windows of the entrance hall remain an inpenetrable gray.

[enter SID B]
[enter ERIC D]
SID: "Hello. It doesn't look like anything's changed."
ERIC: "No, it doesn't... What time is it, anyway?"
SID: "My phone's desynched now. You'll have to ask Henry. Careful though, he doesn't seem to be taking this very well."
No, he really doesn't. He's pacing back and forth next to the main entrance at an alarming rate.
ERIC: "Do we have any water? I haven't had anything to drink since lunch yesterday."
SID: "I know there's bottled water in the storage room behind the stage. None of the other students have gone into the auditorium yet though, mostly because they don't have any light. I have my phone though. Now's a good a time as any to bring out the water."
ERIC: "Marisa hasn't come out yet, has she?"
SID: "I haven't seen her since last night."
ERIC: "Well, we risk running into her then."
SID: "Grow up. Now help me carry the water."

He leads the way into the auditorium. When we arrive at the bottom of the stairwell, he flips out the cell phone and we climb onto the stage.

[enter MARISA C]
MARISA: "Oh, someone came."
She's rolled in a tangle of curtain.
[enter SID A]
SID: "We're here for the water. If you want to help, it would be appreciated."
MARISA: "I'll stay out of your way."

We continue to the back of the stage and to an unmarked gray door.

[enter SID C]
SID: "This better not be locked."

It isn't. Inside is a variety of chairs, props, broken instruments, and in the corner, a stack of plastic disposable water bottles. I also notice one cardboard box containing those miniature bags of potato chips. It looks unopened, and I'm quite hungry.

[enter SID B]
[enter ERIC D]
SID: "Can you carry two packages of water? I'll take the other package and that chip box."
ERIC: "Who carries the light?"
SID: "Hm, neither of us will have our hands free... And it would be easy to trip with all that clutter on the stage if don't have any light."
[enter MARISA E]
MARISA: "Hand me the phone and I can guide you out."
SID: "Where did you come from?"
MARISA: "I only followed you and you didn't notice. Now come on, I'll help."
Sid passes her the phone, but I notice some reluctance in the gesture.
MARISA: "Let's go."
[exit MARISA]
I pick up two palettes of water and follow.

We make it off the stage and onto the stairwell up to the entrance hall. Marisa stands to the side to let us pass, and it isn't until Sid and I are all the way at the auditorium exit that I realize...

[enter ERIC B]
[enter SID D]
ERIC: "Sid, she's gone."
SID: "And damn, she has my phone. There goes our only light source. What does she think she's doing?"
ERIC: "Don't ask me."
SID: "I might make you go get that back, you know. You know how to deal with her best, after all."
ERIC: "What's with you today?"
SID: "I'm sorry; I guess this scenario is having its effect on all of us..."

Sid sets the water in the corner. I take one bottle and move aside as some of the other jazz ensemble members wander over to refresh themselves. No one touches the chips, but I know everyone must be hungry by now. The air in the entrance hall has grown chillier. I notice Henry is still relentlessly pacing and doesn't come over for the water.

[enter ERIC B]
[enter HENRY D]
ERIC: "Are you okay?"
HENRY: "What does it look like? I'm thinking, obviously. Leave me alone."
ERIC: "Thinking about what?"
HENRY: "About how we get out of here. There has to be a way, and I am trying to find it. If you don't want to help out, let me be."
ERIC: "Fine. We have water and a couple bags of chips if you need them."
HENRY: "Thanks for the sentiment, but I'm not resting until I come up with a plan."

I'll do as he says. I'm not sure how plotting will help us escape an isolated school, but if he comes up with something, that would be excellent. I still think our best plan is to manage as best we can until rescue. I'm sitting by the door to the biology hallway looking for Sid when I hear the music again. It's faint, but distinct. The timbre is unusually pure. I wish I knew more about musical instruments so I would be able to identify what was making that tone. All I can do is close my eyes and focus on the sounds...

[enter HENRY C]
HENRY: "What is that noise? Whoever's playing around, cut it out!"
Henry snaps out of his thinking mode and turns to face the jazz ensemble. Except the sound isn't coming from this room.
HENRY: "That's giving me the creeps. Someone tell that woman in there to stop."
SID: "It's not coming from the auditorium."
HENRY: "Ugh, this is useless. If I can't think of something to do soon, I'm just going to break that glass and crawl out of here myself."
[exit HENRY]
[enter HENRY A]
He marches over to the water and drains half a bottle.
HENRY: "I didn't sleep at all last night, so I'm taking a nap. Don't even think about waking me up until that infernal noise is gone."

Sid and I look at each other. Henry is on the floor, limbs outstretched, and snoring already. I guess he was tired. The other students stare for a few seconds before returning to their brooding conversations. I don't have much motivation to join them. No one feels much like talking to the students they already know, let alone me. Even Sid seems distant. Then again, that may have something to do with his finding out about my standings. His reaction swung the complete opposite direction from what I was expecting.

I wonder how long we could be stuck here. How bad would a blizzard have to be to hold up rescue for a day and a half? How long would it take before we start dying of starvation, thirst, or exposure? Realistically, we could survive a while on water and two bags of chips each. It wouldn't be comfortable, but it would be doable. We have practically unlimited water, anyway. Three palettes of 32 bottles each is plenty. Just one would probably last a week if worst came to worst. Well, there is one person who hasn't had their share of water yet...

[choice]
[Check on Marisa :: s0012]
[Don't :: s0114]