[s0056]

[switchto REBECCA]

[date]
Tuesday, November 15th: Day 5

When I wake up, all I know is that I'm cold and stiff. The only light is a faint ray shining through the window of an exit door. I'm lying on the first floor landing of the south stairwell. Last night, I hardly had the will to move. All I could do was sit and try to keep myself together. How did I turn from one of Kenneth's advisors to an exile? I'm doomed, probably.

I wonder where Cait is. I half hoped she would find me, but at this point, I doubt she'd be friendly with me. If I had spoken up for her back on the morning of the trial, maybe she wouldn't be down here now. If she feels anything like the disappointment I feel towards Max at the moment, she won't be happy.

Maximilian... I have his phone now. I don't understand why he gave it to me. If he wanted to help, couldn't he have stood up to Stephen and freed me? Anyway, I don't think I'm helping anything by sitting here and waiting for someone to come and rescue me. It's time to find Cait. If she hasn't frozen to death by now, she probably knows a thing or two about surviving down here. But if she didn't make it... I hope I don't find a corpse.

Before I leave, I check the door. Unsurprisingly, it doesn't budge. As I make my way down the stairs, the light from the door fades much too quickly. I'm tempted to use Max's phone, but I know the battery won't last much longer. If only I had something like Arya's makeshift flashlight... Actually, maybe I can find something if I visit the physics lab. That's on my immediate right as I pass through the fire door that Arya propped open on the first day.

I'm not Arya, though. I can find the entrance to the lab, but that's about it. How did she construct her device in the dark? I'd use the phone, but I've never had any courses down here and I wouldn't know what to do. And Arya probably took most of the useful materials anyway. Time to head out.

This hallway is almost unnavigable. When the sound of my footsteps fail to ring as normal, I realize I must be standing where Pete was lying back on that night. I keep moving. All of the physics and computer labs are on this hallway, but I think they must all be locked. I try the handle of the first door on my left, and it swings inwards. Someone left this unlocked? The crunching of glass under my feet answers the question: someone must have broken the window to gain entry.

I'm not sure what I'm looking for. Actually, I don't even know if I can look for anything. Without light, what am I supposed to do? I step on something that I can't identify. What was my goal here? That's right, I need to find Caitlyn.

[enter REBECCA C]
REBECCA: "Cait?"
I call softly at first. When no one calls back, I venture out into the hall.
REBECCA: "Cait? Anyone? No one?"

It's not looking good. There's only one hallway she can be on, and if she can't even reply... Maybe she's so hoarse her voice won't carry. Maybe she's dying of hypothermia in one of these other rooms. I could have stepped right over her body and not even noticed. I don't want to think about it.

Wait, that's not right. She could be over in the mathematics hallway. The doors to the student lounge down here aren't fire doors. I retrace my steps and turn left before the south stairwell. The door to the student lounge opens noiselessly. I usually never go down here as all the couches are occupied most days, but the air in here feels empty. The basement is stifling and cold.

I'm about ready to find my way across to the room at the other end when I hear two sounds from across the room. The first is a creak from the other wooden door, and the second is a footstep. When I go to take a step back, I almost fall over an inconveniently placed chair. Before I can think, something tackles me back over the chair and onto the floor.

[enter CAIT D]
[enter ERIC E]
CAIT: "Who are you, and what are you doing down here?"
ERIC: "Cait, what? Who's that?"
CAIT: "I don't know, but they'd better answer or cut the hell out of them."
[enter REBECCA B]
REBECCA: "Cait, you scared the hell out of me. It's Rebecca. Will you get off? I'm not here to attack you."
ERIC: "Rebecca? Rebecca Bell? Is that really you?"
REBECCA: "Eric? You're safe?"
[enter SID A]
SID: "Everyone on the fencing team that wasn't in the gym. We're all here."
[exit SID]
[enter LAURA A]
LAURA: "Hello, Rebecca. Fancy meeting you here."
[exit LAURA]
[enter SID A]
Cait rolls off of me. I stand and dust myself off.
REBECCA: "Okay, there is a lot we need to go over."
SID: "No kidding."
REBECCA: "First of all, what happened to Marisa Montoire? If you didn't know, she's dead on the floor in the auditorium."
SID: "I told Henry we should've put her in the storage room."
ERIC: "If you wanted to move her, you could've. I certainly wasn't going near her. That... That face."
REBECCA: "Tell me what happened! Everyone upstairs thinks you all killed her, and you're not making it look any better!"
ERIC: "Suicide. She hung herself on the second night."
REBECCA: "You're kidding. What would make her do that? And I'm not sure I should believe it."
ERIC: "She tied the noose and jumped from the catwalks and it broke her neck. When Sid cut her down, she fell ten feet and one of her arms snapped."
His voice is flat. If he's lying, then Eric is one cold-blooded killer indeed. I'll believe him.
CAIT: "But how did you end up down here? Does this mean the fire door on the first floor landing is open?"
REBECCA: "Sorry to disappoint you, but I'm like you now. Exiled."
CAIT: "What did you do? Did you finish Pete off for me? Or did you punch in Stephen's swollen head? I would love to do that myself, actually."
REBECCA: "A lot of stuff happened once we found out Marisa was dead. Like I said, Stephen and Kenneth are convinced someone killed Marisa and maybe the rest of you, and they want nothing to do with it. I'm not sure Max believes it or not, but either way, I tried to convince them not to wall you off."
ERIC: "Wall us off? What do you mean?"
REBECCA: "Pete picked the lock to the door between the catwalks and the main hall. That's how we saw Marisa."
SID: "Then once we have the key from Felix to the other catwalk door, we're free."
REBECCA: "No, they piled everything in the gym in front of that door. It's impassable. I tried to help, but long story short, I tried to free you, Cait, and they sent me down here for it."
CAIT: "Oh."
That response was unexpected. The Caitlyn I know would yell at me for doing something as dumb as getting caught.
ERIC: "This is starting to look even worse for us. Even if we do find our way into the gym somehow, everyone will think we're murderers."
[exit SID]
[enter LAURA A]
LAURA: "Maybe that's why Marisa killed herself. She wanted to set you guys up."
[exit LAURA]
[enter SID A]
ERIC: "Can we please stop talking about Marisa? She's someone I want to forget right now."
REBECCA: "I agree."
Her crumpled body below on the stage... I don't want to remember either, and it must have been much worse for Eric if he was close to her. 
SID: "I don't know, Eric, I'm at a total loss at this point."
ERIC: "We're certainly not in a very good situation."
CAIT: "I'm tired of standing around. Before you guys showed up, this room was headquarters. If everyone can sit down, we can discuss this like civilized people."
REBECCA: "There isn't any light, Caitlyn. We can't do much but walk into furniture."
CAIT: "Hold up."

She moves off through the maze of cushioned chairs, tables, and couches. I suppose she must be the one who set up this labyrinth in the first place. From the recess off to the left, I hear a crackling noise and then a faint light. Is that... a candle?

[enter CAIT B]
CAIT: "It's from the physics lab."
She walks over to between me and Eric, Sid, and Laura at the opposite door. Cait is holding a candleholder, a matchbox, and four or five backup candles.
CAIT: "Arya didn't take everything useful. I guess she's the electronics type, so she didn't even care about this stuff."
By the light of the candle, we all manage to seat ourselves in two couches at either end of one of the low study tables.
[enter ERIC D]
[enter REBECCA C]
[enter SID E]
[enter LAURA A]
ERIC: "At least that's something positive. We have a lasting light source, if not a very safe one."
CAIT: "I only have five matches left though. I'm not sure if it's better to leave a candle burning or only light it when we need it."
SID: "If you have four candles, we should be fine just letting the first three burn and then use the spare matches on the last one. If we're going to be basement dwellers, we'll need light."
REBECCA: "Who said we're basement dwellers? Can't we go back out the way you guys came in?"
ERIC: "There's nothing for us in the biology halls. All we have up there is a bit of of water. This is the last unexplored ground."
CAIT: "I hate to break it to you, but this isn't unexplored at all. I lived down here, remember? And so did Arya."
ERIC: "Fair point. But there are more of us now. We can search more thoroughly."
SID: "No one's been to the chemistry hallway on the second floor, right?"
ERIC: "We'd have to break through a fire door to get there, and I'm not sure it's worth the effort."
SID: "There are definitely a few chemistry professors that kept water and a maybe snacks in their offices, but we'd have to break through a fire door to get there."
REBECCA: "That's not true. You're one door, a barricade, two guards, and a rabid Stephen away from the gym. We're exiles. Cait stabbed Pete, I tried to help her, and they think the rest of you collectively lynched Marisa."
LAURA: "What about me?"
Laura sneezes into her hand and the candle in Cait's hand flickers.
REBECCA: "Weren't you in the auditorium?"
LAURA: "No, I ended up in the bio hallway."
REBECCA: "I don't think it matters where you actually were. You were still out of the gym when Marisa died."
CAIT: "Look at her! She's a pathetic freshman with a fever! She froze half to death in some abandoned classroom for days and she's had maybe two granola bars and a bottle of water in the past five days!"
LAURA: "I'm pretty sure I wouldn't be able to do that."
ERIC: "Do you really think they'd turn her away?"
REBECCA: "Stephen might, but I think Kenneth could overrule him. Kenneth isn't a bad person at all, he's just overwhelmed sometimes. I don't think there's any way he could kick out Laura after meeting her though."
The issue would be getting her there. I know Stephen will never listen to me again, and he's terrified of Eric.
SID: "Do we really want to use Laura as a tool to gain entry though?"
CAIT: "I'm not talking about that at all! I mean that even if Stephen throws us out, she can stay. There's still a reason we should be finding a way into the gym."
LAURA: "Don't do it just for me."
ERIC: "No, Cait's right. Even if only one of us from this group can make it out, we'll do everything we can to ensure that that happens, okay?"
LAURA: "Thanks. I know what it's taken you all to get this far."
SID: "We're still stuck in a rut here. Felix won't take us and Kenneth won't take us. What do we do now?"
ERIC: "There's only one thing we can do. We need to search this place. We need everything we can get. From there, we'll try to break through either the first or second floor fire doors. The second floor brings us at a bit of food at least, and if we manage to convince Kenneth, we're safe in the gym."

[goto s0057]