[s0052]

[perspective REBECCA] Sunday, December 13th: 11:30 PM

[enter MAX B]
[enter REBECCA D]
MAX: "Still can't sleep?"
REBECCA: "I can't stop thinking about Caitlyn."
MAX: "I knew it. It would help your health if you didn't care so much about unscrupulous people."
[hold]

I'm not in the mood to debate him on that. I've been staring at nothing for over an hour now with Max beside me. I'm not sure what he's doing awake, but I don't feel tired at all. Today lacked anything to take my mind of the events of this morning, and I've had too much time to contemplate the exile.

REBECCA: "Do you think there's any food down in the basements?"
MAX: "Doubtful. Or Arya would've found it, right?"
REBECCA: "I suppose... She certainly looked haggard after being down there for only two days."
MAX: "And Cait could be there a lot longer."
REBECCA: "Max, do you think we're all going to die here?"
MAX: "That's kind of a silly question."
REBECCA: "What? You think it's obvious that we're all doomed?"
MAX: "No. It's not a question I'd think to ask. It doesn't make much sense to me. I don't wonder about things like that."
REBECCA: "You haven't wondered when rescue is going to show up?"
MAX: "No, those are things I'm concerned about and all, but, I can't let myself wonder what's going to happen to us in the end. It's counterproductive. Right now, the way I see it, I'm only here to observe all of this and help in whatever little ways I can, preferably helping people who wouldn't otherwise receive it."
REBECCA: "That actually sounded sincere. I'm envious."
MAX: "Oh, now you sound condescending. I don't think there's anyone else I would tell that to. Well, what do you intend to do here?"
REBECCA: "I..."
I can't really think of anything. Maybe Max was rehearsing that little speech in his head for the past hour, but even so, I can't find my response in under a minute.
MAX: "Now that she has Arya and Pete to look after, even Sophie has something to do. It seems like everyone else has their own little role. That just leaves us with this girl here."
REBECCA: "I don't know, Max. I honestly don't know. Maybe that's why I'm scared that we're all going to die here. Is this the way you want it to end?"
MAX: "I have no regrets."
REBECCA: "I wouldn't have changed any of my decisions either, but... What have I done with myself? I'll just be another faceless victim."
MAX: "We're all special, little friend."
REBECCA: "You're not an easy person to have a serious conversation with, you know."
MAX: "Maybe I'm not the person to have a serious conversation with then. Frankly, I find talking seriously hinders acting seriously, and in a choice between the two, I'll take the latter."
That's classic Max. He's just vaguely intellectual enough to not sound like a total clown.
MAX: "Speaking of which, I talked to Kenneth and I'm guarding the gym door for a few hours. And I'd so love to rest right now..."
REBECCA: "Then why did you sign up in the first place?"
MAX: "Oh, I have other motives of course. Hey, if you can't sleep, maybe you can team up with Arya in my place."
REBECCA: "Team up with Arya? What? When did you intend to tell me about this?"
MAX: "Right about now. She's up to something or other. I'm not really sure about the details but I said I'd be the lookout, and of course the best way to be a lookout is to be the guard."
REBECCA: "Oh. And now you're too lazy to do it yourself?"
MAX: "Pretty much. Could you be a dear and find Arya for me? I'll pay you back some time."
[hold]

[choice]
[Help Max, find Arya :: s0022]
[Screw Max, catch some sleep :: s0134]