[s0050]

[perspective REBECCA] Sunday, December 13th: 7:30 AM

When I wake up, nothing's changed. That's our second night here without seeing the outside world. Right now, my attention is more focused on the inner world though. This place has been in an uproar since we dragged Cait back last night. Between the noise, stress, and cold, I haven't gotten more than two hours of sleep.

[enter MAX B]
[enter REBECCA D]
MAX: "You're awake as well then?"
REBECCA: "Not really."
MAX: "Well hurry up about it."
REBECCA: "Since when are you a morning person?"
MAX: "Stephen and the rest are starting Cait's trial. When that's done, we're going to get breakfast. Everyone else is there and you're just going to lay here?"
REBECCA: "I might, I can't bear to watch that. How's Pete?"
MAX: "It looks like he's stable. That arm won't be much use to him unless he receives professional medical attention soon. Sophie's pretty good, but she's no doctor."
REBECCA: "Maybe I'll go see Sophie then. I'd really rather not watch Stephen rip Cait apart."
MAX: "I'm not interested in that either, but her fate is on the line here. He might stop giving her food or something. Do you think they'll be content with just tying her up and forgetting about her?
REBECCA: "It doesn't matter. I couldn't change Stephen's mind even if I tried."
MAX: "But you can talk to Kenneth. Stephen listens to Kenneth, and I think Kenneth can be easily convinced. If you care about Cait, you might want to head over there."
REBECCA: "What has you so concerned?"
MAX: "Nothing. I thought you were friendly with her, so I'm just helping you out."
REBECCA: "I'll see what's going on after I talk to Sophie then. Thanks, Max."
MAX: "Don't mention it."

I rouse myself from my sleeping bag. Most of the students are now wearing their own bags over their shoulders as makeshift cloaks. I walk over to the corner of the gym where I can see Sophie next to the sleeping Pete. One of the first aid kits from the expedition supplies is lying open next to her.

[enter REBECCA B]
[enter SOPHIE D]
REBECCA: "Hello, Sophie."
SOPHIE: "Good morning, Rebecca. Sleep well?"
REBECCA: "Not at all."
SOPHIE: "I haven't slept since the incident last night. It can't be anything like what this kid is going through though."
REBECCA: "Max said he'll make it. Was he wrong?"
SOPHIE: "It's excruciatingly painful to take a knife to a joint, but it's hardly ever fatal. He even talked a bit last night. I wish he hadn't. Now Stephen is thinking about dragging him over for testimony at some trial thing."
REBECCA: "Oh. That's unpleasant."
[enter PETE E]
PETE: "I... I can testify."
SOPHIE: "Lie down. Doesn't that hurt?"
PETE: "Of course it hurts. Let go of me."
REBECCA: "I'm glad you can talk, anyway. But don't indulge Stephen and Kenneth in their horrible little ceremony, please."
PETE: "I could, but I don't want to. All I can say is that she's a cheater."
REBECCA: "Cait? What do you mean?"
PETE: "We agreed to fight in that basement hallway, hand-to-hand, one-on-one. And then she knifed me. No one said anything about knives. I thought she broke it, anyway."
REBECCA: "Pete, you can't expect Cait to pick a fight with someone she's not confident she can beat. She's not made that way. Why would you ever agree to that anyway?"
PETE: "It was my idea. You said she might be dangerous, so I wanted to find out."
REBECCA: "You really have no idea what you're doing, do you?"
[exit SOPHIE]
We sit for a bit and listen to Stephen's voice echo around the gym from the ring of students.
REBECCA: "And now without that arm, how are you supposed to pick locks?"
PETE: "Oh. I forgot about that. Whoops."
REBECCA: "Great. We had the kitchen, the catwalks, everything lined up... But, I guess I can't blame you. You'll suffer the consequences as well."
[enter SOPHIE D]
SOPHIE: "Speaking of consequences, it looks like they already found Cait guilty. That didn't take long."
REBECCA: "She probably confessed herself. She certainly wasn't hiding it."
SOPHIE: "What are they going to do to her? Leave her in the locker room or something?"
REBECCA: "I don't know, but from what I know of Stephen, it's not a good day to be Caitlyn. I'm going to see what's going on. Good luck, Sophie, and sorry about the arm, Pete."

I join the ring of students at the far wall. It would be hard to see the proceedings with just the light filtering through from outside, but one of the last laptops is lying open by Kenneth's feet. Stephen is standing off to the side and Caitlyn is in the middle, next to Kenneth. If this was supposed to give the impression that Kenneth was running the trial, it isn't working very well because the only one talking is Stephen.

[enter STEPHEN C]
STEPHEN: "Well I don't know about you, but I wouldn't spare my food to her."
STUDENT1: "That would be kind of weird if we just put her in a corner and didn't feed her."
STEPHEN: "Fair point. But are there any other suggestions? None of us know how long we'll be trapped and in that indefinite amount of time, she could work her revenge on all of us if we let her. At least is it unanimous that we keep her tied up at all times?"
STUDENT2: "Sounds good to me."
I notice Cait has her eyes closed and she's trying very hard not to betray any emotion. I walk to a different position in the ring and spot the ropes around her wrists.
STEPHEN: "Well, we can leave her somewhere like the locker rooms with her hands tied and we'll be all set then. No one need feel guilty looking at her that way."
STUDENT1: "That's no good. She'll get her hands free eventually. It's not a very good knot."
STEPHEN: "Fair point. Then how do we keep her away from the rest of us? She's quite dangerous, and now that we've humiliated her like this I have no doubt that when she's free she'll stop at nothing to avenge herself."
[enter KENNETH A]
KENNETH: "How about..."
STEPHEN: "You're allowed to talk, you know."
[exit KENNETH]
[enter KENNETH B]
KENNETH: "How about putting her behind a fire door?"
STEPHEN: "That might work... What do we have available?"
STUDENT2: "The south stairwell?"
STEPHEN: "Excellent idea. We don't even need to tie her up then. She'll be isolated until help arrives and if she can find nourishment down there, that's fine as well. Kenneth, poll the students."
KENNETH: "All in favor of the exile of Caitlyn Baquiran?"
That's certainly most of the them.
KENNETH: "Any opposed?"
[hold]

[choice]
[I object! :: s0119]
[No objections... :: s0019]