[s0055]

[switchto ERIC]

[enter CAIT C]
CAIT: "Water. I need food and water, fast, right now, or I cut the girl. I'm a little desperate right now, so do it fast."

The rasping voice wakes me up. Where have I heard that before?

[enter SID A]
[enter LARA D]
[enter CAIT E]
[enter ERIC B]
SID: "Caitlyn! Is that you?"
LARA: "Hey, get off me. What do you think you're doing?"
CAIT: "Look, I'm sorry about this, but I need to live, here."
ERIC: "We have a water bottle and half a granola bar. Now will you let Lara go?"
CAIT: "You promise?"
ERIC: "You realize we probably would've given it to you anyway, right? You sound awful. Where are you? I can't see a thing."
CAIT: "Right in front of you."
LARA: "You can let go now. I have the food around here somewhere..."
Without the light, I can't see the exchange.
CAIT: "Thank you so much. I haven't had anything to eat or drink in two days."
ERIC: "You're Cait, aren't you? We met on Thursday."
CAIT: "That's right."
ERIC: "Where did you come from? I mean, how did you get here? Weren't you in the gym? Or were you like trapped in the hall like Lara?"
CAIT: "I was in the gym. They shut me in the basement, though. I could get to both sets of stairs, but I couldn't get out because of those stupid firedoors... until someone left the biology hall door open."
SID: "That would be us... I hope we don't regret that."
CAIT: "You won't. I promise, I can be useful. I won't make the same mistakes I did last time."
ERIC: "That's unfortunate, though... So there's no one on the other side waiting to open the fire door from the south stairs to the entrance hall?"
CAIT: "No. I couldn't get back to the gym even if I wanted to."
SID: "Damn."
ERIC: "Maybe we can figure something out though."
SID: "But that does mean the entire basement is open. Couldn't you find anything useful down there?"
CAIT: "There's not a crumb to eat down there. Even if there was, some other idiot called Arya stole all the good stuff for herself."
SID: "Eric, my phone is almost dead. I don't know how thorough we can be down there."
ERIC: "If we go to the physics lab, maybe we can find a real flashlight like Felix has or something."
SID: "Either way, it's good to have you with us, Cait. You've got good info."
LARA: "But how'd you get yourself exiled?"
CAIT: "Long story. Some kid baited me into a fight and I ended up hurting him pretty badly. And the kid that runs the gym, Kenneth, is a real tyrant. And a softie."
LARA: "You know he can't really be both, but uh..."
ERIC: "How are they doing over there?"
CAIT: "For being run by a dumbass, pretty good. They have a ton of food from somewhere, but this Shibin guy keeps it all locked up."
SID: "Good."
ERIC: "If you haven't figured it out, we're trying to meet up with them."
CAIT: "I noticed. But what about everyone else? Are you the only kids here? I thought there were a bunch of you guys in the entrance or something."
ERIC: "We're split up. Depending on the way Felix takes it, maybe permanently."
CAIT: "What do you mean, split up?"
SID: "We were free to leave, but I'm not sure how happy Felix will be when he realizes we ran off with his knife, a bottle of water, and half a granola bar."
CAIT: "Uh..."
She looks down at the crumbs of the granola bar.
CAIT: "So, bad news: The first floor fire door is the only one that's open. I couldn't get through to the second floor."
LARA: "What does that mean?"
SID: "Remember, Felix and friends filed through the bolt on the first floor door, but they only propped open the second floor. The fact that it's closed now means our disappearance has been noticed."
LARA: "I guess Felix isn't very happy."
ERIC: "That's no good, it means Felix got his way. They've completely shut themselves in. We don't have any way to contact Marilyn or Henry or anyone else he's trapped in there. He's determined to die for the rest of them in the gym. It's insane."
CAIT: "Well that sounds insane. From what I hear of that guy, he jumped off the deep end a decade ago. You'd have to be brain damaged to make a run for valedictorian."
I'm tempted to agree, at this point.
ERIC: "Well, we can worry about them once we've got some food of our own, and I think the only place we're going to find that is in the gym."
SID: "And if we can't get to the gym, we'll have to settle for the basement."
CAIT: "Come on, it's a wasteland down there. You're not going to do any better than I did."
SID: "We still have my phone, so we'll have some light."
ERIC: "For a bit, anyway. And we can still ransack the office."
SID: "No, we'd need the key from Felix, and he's shut himself in."
CAIT: "They need to open that door some time, right? Maybe then we jump them. That could work."
I'd like to think that I only imagined the knife flourish.
LARA: "That sounds like fun."
ERIC: "We're not taking their base by storm, Cait. This isn't some game."
CAIT: "Whatever. For now I'll listen to you because you gave me food."
SID: "That sounds like you won't be listening later."
CAIT: "No, like I said before, I'm not going to screw things up this time. Well, what are we doing now?"
ERIC: "Now? Just now we were trying to sleep."
CAIT: "Isn't it cold in here?"
Yes, this office is freezing, but so is every other place.
ERIC: "If you have any better ideas, let me know."
CAIT: "I'd say we could go back to where I slept in the basements. It's not much though, and I only have tools there and not supplies."
LARA: "We could try lighting a fire."
SID: "With what?"
LARA: "It's really cold though."
She sneezes.
CAIT: "Oh please you don't tell me you people are contaminated. I didn't come here to pick up some disease."
LARA: "It's just a cold, I think. I mean, I was alone in that classroom for so long."
CAIT: "Get over here. I'm just taking your temperature, stop squirming"
I hear movement. In my opinion, the lack of light is more annoying than the lack of heat.
CAIT: "Well, you have a fever anyway. What the hell were you doing alone in a classroom? Are you dumb?"
LARA: "It was only two nights."
CAIT: "Okay, I have a bit of my water left. Take this. I'm keeping you warm tonight. If you die I'll hate you."

I raise my eyebrows, even though no one will see me. It's ironic to consider that Caitlyn is now giving Lara a portion of the water that she won by holding Lara hostage. Oh well. We have one more person to keep alive now, but I think the gain in information outweighs the drain on resources. Now that we can access the basement, we're only one fire door away from the gym, and someone could open that door at any time.

As we all try to sleep, I go over our schedule for tomorrow. Without Felix to fall back on, our position is looking a lot worse. There's no going back now. Maybe I always knew Felix wouldn't react well to this, but preemptively sealing the entire group off wasn't something I was expecting. Rihgt now, we have a mostly empty water cooler tank and no food whatsoever. There can't be anyone who isn't hungry. At this point, the gym is our only hope.

[goto s0056]