[s0068]

It takes everyone a few seconds to figure out what just happened. I'm dazed as well. How am I able to stand up after a collapse like that? But I'm unscathed. I pick myself up and try to look around by the blue light coming from some distance away.

[enter ERIC B]
[enter REBECCA D]
REBECCA: "Eric, are you alright?"
ERIC: "Right here. Are you okay?"
REBECCA: "I think so. Where's Max?"
[enter MAX A]
MAX: "Mmph!"
ERIC: "Oh, yeah, I forgot about that. Let me untie you."
I cut away the duct tape with my pair of scissors.
MAX: "Damn it. Look what you two have got us into now. Rebecca, don't you have any shame, using me like that? And Eric, you fell on top of my arm. I do believe it's broken.
ERIC: "Ah, I'm really sorry. I'll see what I can do."
I try to recall my first aid training while Rebecca talks with the injured Max.
REBECCA: "Sorry, but you didn't really give us much choice."
MAX: "Ouch! Cut that out."
ERIC: "Fine..."

I half expect to see the gym students and those from the second floor attacking each other in ensuing confusion, but nothing much is happening. Students are standing up. They're talking to each other.

[enter ARYA B]
[enter ERIC D]
ARYA: "Eric! Is that you?"
ERIC: "Yeah, are you alright?"
ARYA: "Just banged up a little. Help me find my light."
ERIC: "It's right over there."
It's shining throughout the whole room, so it's hard to miss...
ARYA: "Thanks. Also, you rascal, you opened that door, didn't you?"
ERIC: "Maybe."
ARYA: "I wondered about you. You're too bright for Felix. Ah, now what are we supposed to do..."
I'm surprised. Isn't she supposed to be angry?
[enter PETE E]
PETE: "Oh, so it was Eric. Maybe I should've done that myself. Things certainly turned out interesting, didn't they?"
ERIC: "Oh, it's you."
PETE: "What, are you unhappy that I didn't break anything?"
We hear a voice above the murmurs.
KENNETH: "Hey! Anyone who's unhurt, stand up. We need to find out exactly how many are injured."
The other students and I head towards where Kenneth is standing. Arya holds her light above her head as a beacon.
STEPHEN: "Looks like only three or four. Alright, what's the problem? Broken arm? Okay. Someone get over here and stabilize that. Where's that jerk with the duct tape? Make yourself useful. Next injury, please..."

And things progress roughly in that manner. We're all here, aren't we? No, that's not right. There are a few faces I don't see here, and people like Sid who were part of neither faction are still around. I try to count the students present, but amidst the bustle, I can't count. I stand back and watch the mop-up operation in work. Something above squeaks, and a few students and I look up to an open door.

[enter CAIT C]
CAIT: "You guys having fun down there?"
ERIC: "The catwalk collapsed. We're stuck down here, and we have a couple students injured."
CAIT: "Sounds like fun. What the hell were all of you doing up there anyway? Idiots."
HENRY: "Hey, who's that?"
ERIC: "Caitlyn Baquiran."
HENRY: "Good timing. We need someone up there to anchor a rope."
CAIT: "What?"
ARYA: "Hey! Catch!"
She hurls the end of something up to the astonished Caitlyn.
CAIT: "What do you want me to do?"
HENRY: "See if you can throw it over one of the rafter beams."
CAIT: "Fine, if you say so."

I watch as the two students on the ground and the one at the door coordinate to replicate the pulley system that Sid, Henry, and I originally put together. Before too long, another set of figures join Cait at the top of the door.

[enter CAIT B]
[enter SID D]
SID: "Eric, is that you down there?"
ERIC: "Yep. I'm all right."
SID: "Good."
[enter LAURA A]
[enter SOPHIE E]
SOPHIE: "Is Rebecca there?"
LAURA: "What happened?"
ERIC: "She's here. The catwalk platform fell down, but I guess we're working it out."
CAIT: "Hey, you hold this."
SOPHIE: "What?"
She passes her a stage weight.
CAIT: "And you, Laura or whatever your name was, hold the door open, would you?"
ERIC: "Sid, can you climb down?"
SID: "I could try. Do you mind spotting me?"
[exit SID]
Though there's hardly any need. He takes the rope Cait hands him and easily descends the one story height difference.
SID: "So, how's it going down here?"

Sid and I walk across the stage and back. Kenneth and Stephen are busy with the injured students, and I spot Pete Sai doling out his duct tape to secure broken limbs. He patches up Max as I watch. Most other students are helping Henry and Arya. A few are gathering stage weights, and others are trying to separate the individual pieces of metal that made up the main catwalk platform. I finally find Felix in all the activity. He's talking to Rebecca.

[enter FELIX B]
[enter REBECCA D]
FELIX: "You mean that was staged?"
REBECCA: "It got the job done. Well, it would've if Stephen hadn't shown up."
[enter ERIC E]
FELIX: "Eric! There you are! If there were such a thing as karma you'd have been crushed."
ERIC: "So you know, huh?"
FELIX: "I'm an idiot for making the same mistake twice."
ERIC: "Things could've turned out much worse if I wasn't there."
FELIX: "Hm, without you two, maybe I would've ended up trapped down here. Now you guys have to suffer with me. Excellent. And where's Maximilian? I need to have a word with him."
REBECCA: "His arm's broken."
FELIX: "If he's beaten up too badly we won't be able to continue."
REBECCA: "Continue this stupid battle? Are you kidding?"
FELIX: "What else are we supposed to do?"
ERIC: "How about just go back to the gym like the original terms of surrender?"
REBECCA: "And what about Marilyn?"
FELIX: "Fine. I'll go to the gym. But how are we ever going to get everyone out of here, especially those that were injured in the fall? They can't climb."
ERIC: "Henry and Arya are rigging up a lift."
FELIX: "Go figure. Now this all makes me seem petty."
[exit FELIX]
[exit ERIC]
[enter ERIC B]
He storms off. He's grumpy, but if I know Felix, he's already given in.
REBECCA: "Eric... There's one thing I was wondering."
She hesitates.
ERIC: "What is it?"
REBECCA: "Where's Marisa?"
I freeze for a moment. She was still here when we fell. Then what...
STEPHEN: "Alright, that's everyone accounted for. We have two broken arms, one snapped wrist, and one fatality."
Fatality? I miss a beat for the second time in as many seconds.
STEPHEN: "We've had two witnesses to confirm that Marisa Montoire is the deceased. She was crushed as the platform fell. Our condolences to those who knew her, and respect to her memory."
REBECCA: "What?"
She's whispering to me.
REBECCA: "He knows her body was found down here days ago... That was his whole reason for suspecting Felix's group were killers."
ERIC: "Who knows what his motivation is. All that matters is that he isn't trying to slaughter Felix and Henry and the rest."
REBECCA: "Can we hope it stays that way when we're above ground again?"

The buzz of activity continues with students bringing back every imaginable item from the storeroom and entrance hall. Someone smashed the conference room windows and brings out a box of lost and found clothing to distribute. Marisa's body is shut in the empty storage room. Henry and Arya continue to test their lift, made from stage ropes, pulleys, and a part of the original catwalk. One by one, they lift items and then students out, starting with those injured by the fall. Soon Max is up top, helping off the students with his good hand while Stephen controls the line at the bottom. As I stand next to Rebecca in the line, I can't help but share her doubt that this can continue for long. When we all pass out that door, what will happen?

[goto s0069]