[s0064]

I stand before the door to the catwalks, my hand on the doorknob. I know it's open, but I can't bring myself to turn it. I don't want to face whatever's lying on the floor in there, but I know I have no choice. With a deep breath, I count to three and swing open the door. Two steps in, I release that breath and inhale. I don't smell anything, thankfully. As I cross the auditorium, I don't dare look downwards. I probably wouldn't be able to see her in the darkness, but I can't look. I'm afraid that the door at the end of this catwalk will be locked and I'll be forced to wait in here with her, but I pull it inward and step into the biology hallway.

Something strikes me in the throat and I fall at once. Before I can turn around, I feel a stinging sensation across my back and pressure against the back of my neck. For some reason, I can't bring myself to care much about the pain, or what happens next.

[enter HENRY B]
HENRY: "The stupidity of you people never ceases to amaze me. Hold still or I'll have to cut you up a bit, and that's really not my style."
[enter ERIC D]
ERIC: "Henry, it's Eric Larsen. What the hell are you doing?"
HENRY: "I'm guarding the door. What does it look like? And what are doing marching in here? Don't you know it's a war zone out there?"
ERIC: "Henry, I just got out of the stairwell you left me in and I'm trying to see Felix. I was hoping he'd be around here somewhere, but all I find is this kid who's playing sentry."
HENRY: "You're insufferable. I should still probably tie you up though, but I can bring you to Felix. Give me your wrists."
I hear the snapping of duct tape and my wrists are wound in front of me.
ERIC: "You're starting to enjoy this, aren't you?"
HENRY: "Don't piss me off. Felix keeps giving me these jobs like I'm some kind of villainous thug. It's starting to get to me, so don't rub it in."
He's the same as ever.
ERIC: "Fine, just bring me to Felix."
Henry helps me up and keeps his hand on my shoulder as we walk.
HENRY: "So what happened? Finally saw the light, huh?"
ERIC: "Something like that."
That's right. I'm going to have to think up some story, and fast.
ERIC: "It's Maximilian."
HENRY: "Oh really? What did he do?"
ERIC: "He freed Rebecca from that stairwell and left me to the dogs. I'm stuck now that he closed the gym fire door. I'm only here because I have no choice."
HENRY: "You don't have to lie, Eric."
My breath stops.
HENRY: "Revenge is always part of it, right?"
ERIC: "Good guess."
I try hard to conceal my relief.

We pass out through the fire door. I step on the lock that once fastened the door, and as we pass out, Henry orders me to stand while he secures the door. We ascend the stairwell to the English hallway and head to the last door on the left. After four days, I'm finally back. Henry pushes back the door, and the scene before me is almost unrecognizable from the one that I remember from that day.

A single cell phone lies open in the middle of the floor. All the chairs are cleared off to the side. Several students are resting with scissor spears beside them. The two stage curtains lie crumpled in the back of the room. I spot Pete sitting in front of the office door and Felix crouching before the curtains. When Henry calls out, he turns around.

[enter HENRY B]
[enter FELIX D]
HENRY: "Yo, Felix."
FELIX: "Henry, you should be guarding the door."
HENRY: "I thought you'd want to meet this one."
[enter ERIC A]
ERIC: "Hello, Felix. I hope it isn't too late for us."
FELIX: "Well, if it isn't Eric Larsen. Who would think you'd be brave enough to show up around here? I was thoroughly disappointed when you turned down my offer."
ERIC: "I didn't have much of a choice. Your henchman here dragged me up."
HENRY: "For the last time, I'm not a henchman!"
FELIX: "Shut up Henry. Well, what changed your mind Eric? I thought you were the type never to regret an action, but something's convinced you to join up with me. I thought you would die in that staircase; I won't lie."
ERIC: "Maximilian Wolf let Rebecca and me out."
FELIX: "Then why aren't you in the gym with Max and the rest of my enemies?"
ERIC: "Because they wouldn't take me in. Max's idea was to leave me in the stairwell to die and it's only by luck that Rebecca suggested I be allowed to wander. It isn't so unusual that I ended up here."
FELIX: "So you're determined to live now? Took you long enough."
ERIC: "A few nights in a stairwell will do that."
FELIX: "I hoped this might happen, but this really is a nice surprise. Henry, let him go and give him a briefing. I need to return to Marilyn."
[exit FELIX]
Felix turns back to the curtains and Henry cuts the duct tape around my wrists with his makeshift weapon. It was originally a pair of scissors, after all.
ERIC: "Careful."
HENRY: "I'm not going to slash your wrists after I took all the effort to drag you up here. And it would make a mess. Let's find somewhere to sit down."
ERIC: "Can we talk in the hall?"
If I decide to ask some dangerous questions, I'd rather Felix wasn't listening in.
HENRY: "Sure, if you want. It looks like Felix is glad to have you, so I'll oblige."
We step back out the door and into the English hallway. Someone pops out just as the door is about to swing back shut.
[enter PETE D]
PETE: "Hey Eric. Long time no see."
[exit PETE]
[enter PETE C]
ERIC: "You're Pete Sai, right? That freshman who was looking to join fencing?"
PETE: "Not bad. Hey, you must have a pretty good memory."
HENRY: "Kid, go back inside if Eric wants to talk alone."
ERIC: "It's okay. I know him, sort of."
HENRY: "What am I supposed to do for this briefing?"
ERIC: "It would help if you explained what you were talking about when we met at the bottom of the north stairs a few days ago."
HENRY: "It's exactly what Felix told you when we found you in the stairwell. You need to keep this quiet, but he's selected five of us to live on with the supplies we'll win from the gym. The chosen ones have to keep quiet or else the others will probably get angry."
ERIC: "No kidding. Then Pete's a chosen one too?"
PETE: "Everyone knows that. I'm the whole reason Felix is still in business.""
ERIC: "That's right. You're the traitor who opened the biology office."
PETE: "Aw, you hurt my feelings."
Somehow I doubt it.
PETE: "It was easy, anyway. They should've guarded the supplies better if they didn't want people stealing them. I just helped myself."
ERIC: "I'm not going to argue with you on that one. What's the situation with the gym?"
HENRY: "We were repelled only an hour or so ago. We wanted to break through the wall but some prick ordered those students to charge at us. We had to choice but to run away."
ERIC: "So what's the plan now?"
PETE: "Ooh, no one knows. You'll have to ask our grand mysterious leader about that one."
HENRY: "Pete's right. Felix hasn't announced what the next step is. He's been pooling our ideas. That's how we ended up with the battering ram strategy, but now we don't have a ram. And they're probably better prepared, anyway."
ERIC: "What exactly is Felix doing in the office, by the way?"
HENRY: "Oh... Touchy subject. Marilyn is really sick and no one can figure out why. She's been that way for a while now and Felix is really attached to her."
ERIC: "Maybe that's what changed his mind in the first place."
HENRY: "Could be. But try not to talk about Marilyn to Felix, will you? He turns all strange."
PETE: "Ah, it's fun to make fun of him."
HENRY: "Last time you did that he was seriously annoyed, alright Pete? So stay out of Felix's way."
ERIC: "Also, Max said you captured Shibin? And Cait is missing as well."
HENRY: "We have a couple hostages, yes. They're under guard in the office. Or they were. Pete, get back to work."
PETE: "Right-o, captain."
[exit PETE]
HENRY: "Keep your eye on that kid. I have the oddest feeling that he's just itching to stab someone in the back."
ERIC: "Literally or figuratively?"
HENRY: "I don't even know. Just be on your guard, okay?"

We return to the staff lounge. Henry makes no effort to continue our conversation, and the only other people I could possibly talk to are taped up and under guard at the moment. This certainly is a grim place. None of the former debate and jazz members show any sign of emotion. I can't even tell who I spent those first couple nights in the entrance hall with; they all wear identically drab expressions. I take a seat a little ways apart from them to watch Felix and come up with a next step.

As an hour passes with only the muted conversation of the students to mark the time, I decide tonight will be my exploration night. I'd love to be able to enter the side office that Pete is currently sitting in front of. By all accounts, he makes a terrible guard, so I should be able to check the status of the captives at some point tonight.

Also, I want to check the basements. I've heard nothing of Sid since the escape from the stairwell. I hope he's alright. As no one's seen him around, I can only hope he's managed to stay safe in the basement. But if that were the case, couldn't he have opened the door on the bottom floor to free Rebecca and me? I have to search anyway.

[enter ARYA B]
ARYA: "Hey, I know you."
To my surprise, one of the reclining students approaches me.
[enter ERIC D]
ERIC: "Sorry, I can't tell who you are in this light. Were you in the jazz ensemble or on the debate team?"
ARYA: "Not that, stupid. I was in your chemistry class."
ERIC: "Arya Martin?"
ARYA: "Yeah. And you're Eric Larsen. I thought you were supposed to be imprisoned in a stairwell right about now."
ERIC: "And you were supposed to be captured by Felix."
ARYA: "Who says I'm not?"
ERIC: "You're not lying in that office covered in duct tape."
ARYA: "Ah, that's because I'm working for him, see?"
ERIC: "That's more like betrayal than capture, then."
ARYA: "Not really. I saw my barricade was doomed to fail. I was defeated. I could either be useless in the gym or accomplish something here. So here I am."
ERIC: "I'm sure Max would see it that way."
ARYA: "Who wouldn't? It only makes sense."
ERIC: "If you say."
ARYA: "Anyway, I want a status update. How is everything going down there without me?"
ERIC: "I wouldn't know."
I have to stick to my story. Maybe Felix put her up to this to cross-examine me.
ARYA: "That's a shame. And I already know from Henry about everything in the entrance hall... So I guess there's nothing new to learn from you. How uninteresting."
ERIC: "Sorry to disappoint."
She turns in her chair to face away from me. Oh well.

Despite my best efforts, I'm dozing off. When I come to my senses, someone has closed the phone that used to be on the floor. As a result, nothing in the room is visible. How long was I asleep? Three minutes? Three hours? It feels like somewhere in between. I stand up, but I need to consider my next step. What if someone in here is still awake? What if they're all still awake? And without vision, I can't tell if Pete is sleeping. I decide to take two steps in the direction of the office. Bending down to the floor, I wait and listen.

All I hear is muffled breathing from the students around me, and the occasional cough from the back of the room. That must be Marilyn. I don't hear anything by me the direction of the office. Maybe Pete isn't even on guard duty any more. Well, I knew I'd have to take some risks...

[choice]
[Rescue the hostages :: s0031]
[Don't risk it right now :: s0187]