[s0072]
[increment ERIC]

[enter REBECCA A]
[enter ERIC B]
REBECCA: "Oh? Hi."

Except for him. That's Eric Larsen, a senior, and captain of the archery team. He's also extremely strong in all academic areas, and as of last spring he was in heated contention for top of the graduating class. I've hardly spoken to him, and no one in this class talks to him either. What's he doing in here, anyway? Doesn't he know this is a weakness? Well, I'll make an effort to talk to him. I pride myself in knowing a diverse group of people.

[enter ERIC B]
[enter REBECCA D]
ERIC: "Hey. Um, if you don't mind, I'd be grateful if you could help me repair a few bows early for tomorrow's practice. I know that'll only be our third meeting, but I want to start practices as soon as possible."
Well, that's expected from him.
REBECCA: "I guess that's not a problem."
ERIC: "Thanks. I'll see you at 3:00 tomorrow then. And of course, be there at the normal time of 3:30 for today's meeting. It's the new students' first introduction, so try to be there."
REBECCA: "Don't worrry, I don't intend to miss anything."
ERIC: "You're right. Maybe I'm just overthinking this."
REBECCA: "Oh, and Sid Wallace wanted me to let you know he might be late for today's meeting."
ERIC: "Oh, Sid, I almost forgot... Thanks for letting me know. I'll get back to work now."

It's his first year as a captain. Well, it's rare for anyone but seniors to captain a team, so most captains only work one year. The captain's positions are highly valued as a captain has the opportunity to earn extra credit if his or her team wins well at one of the regional competitions. Archery isn't a strong team though. Last year was the first year, and as the team was founded by a senior who wasn't interested in credit, we were never really pushed hard. It was the only reason I joined.

I'm looking forward to this afternoon's meeting though. It will be our first look at the new students this year. After seeing those who attended last night at the former members' meeting, we only had four remaining members. Three members including the founding captain graduated, and one girl didn't come back this year for some reason. Unless at least two new people join, we won't be an official team. Usually when that happens, the captain dissolves the team because it's not worth the time commitment if there's no credit to be earned. I hope that doesn't happen.

[goto s0074]