[s0077]

I meet back up with Max for an uneventful lunch in the cafeteria. Maybe the gray air outside is the cause of our quiet. After the hour passes, it's time for my next class. It's an outdoorsmanship elective. At the St. Magnus School, students are required to take at least one non-academic elective class like this, but they aren't worth any credit. This class is moderately popular because it's a chance to get outside for once and there isn't any work to do outside of class time.

[enter MAX B]
MAX: "Man, you were right this morning about the cold."
[enter REBECCA D]
REBECCA: "It just hasn't warmed up, even though the sun is out."
MAX: "Well, look up. It's just cloudy."
The sky is a bleak grey. It doesn't look cloudy to me. It just looks like the sky is slowly losing its hue.
MAX: "You might want to stop gawking at the clouds and start looking at the trail before you trip and damage you face."
REBECCA: "You might want to cut the smirk before someone pushes you into a tree."
He makes an exaggerated tripping motion with his foot, causing me to stop short.
[enter HENRY A]
HENRY: "Hey, what are you doing? Quit horsing around. I almost walked straight into you."
MAX: "That's simply evidence that you lack the reflexes required of a creature cursed to walk upright."
REBECCA: "Sorry. I apologize for Max as well."
HENRY: "Just keep walking, for heaven's sake."
[exit HENRY]
MAX: "I didn't realize hiking was such serious business."

It's some junior, one with whom Max doesn't get along well with. Then again, Maximilian doesn't get along with many people, especially those with no sense of humor. And there are a lot of people in this place with no sense of humor.

[enter REBECCA B]
[enter MAX D]
MAX: "Do you think it'll rain?"
REBECCA: "Well if the hurricane is coming, that's unavoidable."
MAX: "Oh? So it's a really a hurricane now... I thought this morning it was only a tropical storm."
REBECCA: "Then I guess it's gaining strength. Don't ask me why."
MAX: "It's a good thing we don't have this class tomorrow. I'm sure this idiotic instructor would insist on taking us out in the freezing rain."
[enter HENRY A]
HENRY: "Deal with it. This isn't a stroll and chat class; this is supposed to be outdoorsmanship. So could you please stop puttering along and slowing me down?"
MAX: "I'm sorry your breadth prevents you from passing us, but I really can't help that fact."
HENRY: "The solution is simple. Let me by and I'll stop bothering you."
[exit HENRY]
Whoops, guess that guy was still behind us. Maximilian stops and lets him by.
MAX: "I don't know what his problem is."
REBECCA: "I don't know why you antagonize him, Max."
MAX: "It's too easy. I can't help myself. Everyone's easy around here. Well, except you of course. You take everything in stride."

We don't talk much on the way back. Maybe it's the cloudiness today, but I can't bring myself to enjoy the walk. This is about the only time of the week I get outside but something just isn't quite right today. It must be that nagging chill.

There is a free period right after outdoorsmanship. The students without athletic teams are required to take classes in the gymnasium at this time, but by the athletics department standards, archery is enough of a physical sport to allow both me and Maximilian to get out of gym. We make our way back from the hike outside and take up a table in the entrance hall. There are a few familiar faces around, but no one I know well.

[enter REBECCA D]
[enter MAX B]
MAX: "You're going to archery this afternoon, right?"
REBECCA: "Of course. Why wouldn't I?"
MAX: "Well, you saw Eric last night. He's supposed to be the new captain, right? What senior wants to be captain of the archery team?"
REBECCA: "No one. We're a worthless team to a captain. No one here has been doing archery long enough to take any medals. And without a senior as captain, the team wouldn't even exist this year."
MAX: "True, but it'll be so much different this year without Emmanuel."

Right. Our ex-captain and the founder of the team. He started the archery team last year knowing that it wouldn't buy him any credit. Well, Emmanuel didn't care about credit anyway. His senior year, he took almost exclusively easy classes and gave up on credits altogether. I have no idea what happened to him and I'm fairly sure he isn't attending college right now. That never seemed important to him, and he's probably the reason I joined in the first place.

[enter MAX B]
[enter REBECCA D]
REBECCA: "True, I have no idea what kind of place this will be without Emmanuel, but I'll give Eric a chance."
MAX: "Yeah, I knew you would."
REBECCA: "What's that supposed to mean?"
MAX: "You give everyone a chance. Is there anyone in this school who you haven't talked to?"
REBECCA: "Of course."
MAX: "Name some."
REBECCA: "Well if I haven't talked to them I don't know their names. Stop being silly."
MAX: "Fine. But you do admit you just have to investigate new people, right?"
REBECCA: "You could say that."
MAX: "Weird how you have no friends then."
REBECCA: "Oh shut up. You're coming back to archery too, right?"
MAX: "Oh I'll come. But I was in the same proofs class as that Eric kid last year, and if my estimation of him is correct, he'll be trying his hardest to squeeze some archery championship out of us."
REBECCA: "Maybe. I'll figure out my own opinion of him though. Something's not right this year."
MAX: "You've always been better at reading people than I have, so I'll defer to you. But if we start practicing three hours a day, I'd only show up to practice for your sake. And if he has us come in at 5:00 AM like the track team, you can count me out."
REBECCA: "Sure. Have you talked to any of the other returning members about that?"
MAX: "Other returning members? The only other returning member is Sid, if he even counts. No, I haven't talked to him."
REBECCA: "That's right... Marisa won't be coming back, and the others graduated. It really is just the people at the meeting yesterday."

The returning members' meeting yesterday was a little depressing, but I hoped there were members who couldn't make it. I'll have to find Marisa and ask her why she won't be part of the team this year. I didn't talk to her much last year but it looks like the archery team is quickly becoming a lonely place.

The last period of gym classes ends. The students not staying at the library head home. By 3:00, it's only the students that are members of teams left around the entrance hall. We still have half an hour to kill until the meeting starts.

[enter MAX B]
[enter SID D]
MAX: "Oh, hello. You said your name was Sid, right?"
SID: "Hm? Oh, right. Hi, I'm in a bit of a hurry, if you'll excuse me."
[exit SID]
[enter REBECCA A]
And just as soon as he arrived, he leaves down the stairs to the auditorium.
MAX: "Where do you suppose he's headed?"
REBECCA: "I don't know. Must be some sort of musical ensemble. They're the only ones who use the auditorium now."
MAX: "Huh. Guess that's why he's going to be late. It has to be tough to be part of both an ensemble and a team."

He's right. Musical groups can compete in regional festivals, and even have captains. It's strange for a student to be a member of both, though. It's possible to play one instrument in multiple ensembles or play on different teams, but there's hardly enough time to both practice an instrument and train the body. And that guy looks like he's studying pretty hard as well. I guess he has his eyes on valedictorian, even if he's just a B-rank.

[enter REBECCA B]
[enter MAX D]
REBECCA: "Hey Maximilian..."
MAX: "Yes, my dear?"
REBECCA: "Oh cut that out. I was just wondering what your standings were. For class rank, you know."
MAX: "Don't tell me you're interested in competing with me now?"
[hold]

It's good policy to keep your standings secret. Ultimately, the standings determine class rank. It's a sum of mostly class credits and awards to team captains, but also minor awards and team membership credits are counted. If a classmate knows your standings, it's easier for them to identify you as a threat or take just enough courses to outrank you at the very end. The absolute standings are never calculated until the announcement of valedictorian at the end of senior year, so students keep careful track of their records. I still have my secret spreadsheet from my first two years, back when I still thought I stood a chance.

MAX: "You think I know something like that?"
REBECCA: "I don't know. I just wondered if you were in competition. I don't know my own anymore. I stopped keeping track B-year.
MAX: "And I stopped keeping track D-year. If I win, I win, and that's how it'll be."
REBECCA: "Then you'll take the archery team captainship when we're seniors?"
MAX: "Probably. If you don't want to, that is. I don't even know if I'm going to stay on the archery team. If it ceases to be any fun, you can be sure I won't stick around."
REBECCA: "Hm. Just wondering."

We don't talk too much after that, and I start my physics while Maximilian takes out some horribly large mathematics textbook. Before I even finish the first problem, it's 3:30, time for the first new members' meeting.

[enter MAX B]
[enter REBECCA D]
REBECCA: "Max, let's get going."
MAX: "Oh, right. Is it 3:30 already? Well, that was productive. Where's this meeting?"
REBECCA: "First floor students' room. Try and keep track of these things."
MAX: "As long as I keep track of you, I don't need to worry about these scheduling things. You'll always pester me and I end up where I need to be."

We walk down the hall past the cafeteria and hall to the student lounge. It's a bit of a misnomer. I have no idea why anyone would want to relax in this room, as all that's in here is a big table and maybe twelve chairs. It looks like a corporate conference room, not a place to study. Eric is at the far side of the room with a student I don't recognize.

[enter ERIC A]
[enter MAX D]
[enter REBECCA E]
ERIC: "Hello, all."
MAX: "Salutations. Did we seriously only recruit one new member? This is practically less than the attendance last night."
ERIC: "Maybe we should wait a bit to start. Starting without Sid and with only one new student seems pointless.
PETE: "You must mean me. Hi, I'm Pete Sai."
[hold]

I'm not sure what to make of him. He's pretty scrawny, even for a D-year, but he waves and walks over to us older students as if it's nothing. Interesting.

PETE: "So what team is this?"
ERIC: "Archery. Or are you just working here and not here for the meeting?"
PETE: "Oh, I'll join then. Pleased to meet you."
ERIC: "Right, I'm Eric Larsen. Nice to meet you too."
MAX: "And I am known as Maximilian Wolf. And this charming lady -"
REBECCA: "- is perfectly capable of introducing herself. I'm Rebecca Bell."
ERIC: "It doesn't look there's anyone else coming, unfortunately. I guess that's understandable. We're not currently a very competitive group."

He starts the meeting by going over the team's history and a few archery basics, mostly for Pete's benefit. Pete keeps his eyes on Eric but his body is slouched over the table. I can't tell if he's interested or not. Partway through, Eric leaves to pick up a sample bow. He's probably taking the meeting slow until Sid shows up.

[enter REBECCA B]
[enter MAX D]
MAX: "Man, that's some pretty poor turnout. Didn't that guy bother promoting us at all? Or maybe because we can't win anything he doesn't want to bother putting the time in, and a member shortage means he can disband without guilt."
REBECCA: "I don't know. He did join last year knowing we're probably not worth credit."
MAX: "Maybe. I wouldn't get your hopes up. This team definitely will not be the same place as last year."
REBECCA: "Hm... So when Sid arrives, that makes six members. If you decide to leave, that disbands the team for the rest of us. What will you do?"
MAX: "Hey, that's only if this Eric tries to turn us into some sort of hypercompetitive archery machine. Maybe I'll just skip all the practices. And just for you, you know."
REBECCA: "Thanks, I guess. I'd probably leave too though."
We stop talking when another student wanders in.
[enter CAIT E]
CAIT: "Hello, archery team. I won't apologize for being late. No one seemed to know an archery team even existed, let alone where the meeting was. Where's that lousy captain?"

Well isn't that a surprise. She's a B-year I know from my English class. There aren't very many people that stick around her for long, so she's one of the people in whom I've taken notice. She must've heard me talking about this meeting in class yesterday.

Sid beats Eric back to the lounge. He takes his seat at the table, but then another person follows him in. It's another D-year I've never seen before.

[enter LYRA B]
LYRA: "Sorry I'm late. I hope I didn't miss anything too important?"
She's standing in front of the table, trying to figure out who the captain is.
[enter MAX D]
MAX: "Not much. My name is Yon Yonson, and I'm the captain of this here cow-tipping team. Nice to meet you."
LYRA: "Sorry, I must have the wrong - I mean, wait, what?"
[enter REBECCA A]
REBECCA: "If you're looking for archery, this is the right place."
[enter CAIT E]
CAIT: "That's a big if."
REBECCA: "We're just waiting for the captain to get back. Unfortunately, you'll have to tolerate Max though. I have trouble myself sometimes."
MAX: "My name is Maximilian Wolf, and I'm a member of this here archery team. Nice to meet you."
LYRA: "Right. I'm Lyra Cygnus. And trust me, I won't forget you."
CAIT: "And I just got here, but I'm Caitlyn Baquiran."

The newcomer kept her composure better than I would've thought at first glance. And that smile would stop anyone cold. Max only raises an eyebrow and returns to his seat. Sid and Lyra sit down, and Eric comes back in with a standard wooden bow and a few strings.

We start in earnest this time. Eric explains that we'll be keeping the original practice schedule settled by Emmanuel and only attend the New England qualifier tournament in May. That's a relief. Max will probably stay now. May is too late for the graduating senior, Eric, to earn any credit from potential success at the tournament. We wrap up with instructions for the first practice, scheduled for tomorrow.

[enter PETE B]
[enter ERIC D]
[enter REBECCA E]
PETE: "Okay then, I'll be going now. See you tomorrow, everyone. I'm looking forward to shooting."
[exit PETE]
He jumps clean over the conference table and out the door.
ERIC: "Bye?"
[enter MAX B]
MAX: "And I'll see you tomorrow, Rebecca. I have that paper to work on so I'll be headed down to the math offices now."
[exit MAX]
[enter LYRA B]
LYRA: "Nice to meet you, everyone. And take care you don't trip on your way down the stairs."
[exit LYRA]
She smiles and follows Max and Pete out the door. It's just me and Eric now.

[enter ERIC B]
[enter REBECCA D]
ERIC: "Hm. I'm glad enough people were interested."
REBECCA: "Of course."
ERIC: "And you're willing to come early tomorrow?"
REBECCA: "Yeah, I can make 3:00 at the gym. Well, I assume we're practicing indoors? It's been so cold lately."
ERIC: "Indoors. We'll probably just cover basic technique for the new people without shooting anything. I still need someone to help string the bows though."
REBECCA: "Hey, I meant to ask you..."
ERIC: "Hm?"
REBECCA: "Why are you still captain? I thought for sure we'd disband after Emmanuel left."
ERIC: "Oh, that... Why wouldn't I take up the captaincy? I'm the only senior on the team, right?"
REBECCA: "If you say."

He leaves out the two key facts. First, his time is extremely valuable this year, and second, Marisa Montoire was on this team last year, and now she's nowhere to be seen. I don't press Eric, but that's so unusual. Eric has certainly been strange this year. He's in my dead-end history class, for one thing. I never see him with Marisa any more, even though they were inseparable last spring. Come to think of it, I hardly ever see Marisa. Then again, she's a senior, deep in contention for top of the class. She probably doesn't have time for trivial things like archery any more. Eric will be slaughtered if he slacks off now. I don't know what he's thinking... and that makes me nervous. 

[goto s0035]