[s0080]

This class alternates between mildly interesting and very boring, but no one pays much attention today. The only reason I took this class was because I knew Sid was interested and I needed to meet the minimum number of classes. I'm the only senior in the room. I join Sid next to the window.

[enter SID B]
[enter ERIC D]
SID: "Have you noticed?"
ERIC: "Noticed what?"
He points to the window.
ERIC: "Yeah, that rain is starting. That's expected if the hurricane's going to hit this afternoon."
SID: "No, that's the thing. Maybe there's some rain, but look more closely."
[hold]

I watch the weather for a minute and then note that apart from the raindrops striking the windows, snowflakes are drifting down. From the second floor, it's easy to see that the horizon is now turning white instead of black. Visibility is poor, but it is certainly snowing out.

SID: "It's quite the early snowstorm."
[enter HENRY E]
HENRY: "Damn. Why is always the worst weather on Fridays?"
ERIC: "When did you get here?"
HENRY: "I was talking to Sid about it before you came anyway."
ERIC: "Oh, I didn't realize you knew him."
SID: "He's in the jazz ensemble."
ERIC: "Right... Wait, so even with the sleet and an impending hurricane, you guys are still staying after to rehearse?"
HENRY: "None of us can afford to miss practice two weeks before a recital. Why do you care, anyway?"
ERIC: "All the athletic team practices are canceled. I just realized it was strange for the ensembles to stay after anyway."
SID: "Well, you'll be staying here to tend to the archery equipment, right?"
ERIC: "Yeah. Though, I wonder when people from Bournewell will start showing up."
HENRY: "What's that supposed to mean?"
ERIC: "St. Magnus is going to be a hurricane shelter, right?"
HENRY: "Who would want to ever come here, especially in the snow?"

Eventually I walk with Henry down to Linear Algebra. Neither of us say anything. He's a junior that I'm fairly sure has the standing to compete for head of the class, but I'm not sure he's made up his mind to attempt it yet. I'm gradually getting to know that type of people among the underclassmen. They remind me of myself. Well, they remind me of how I picture I was last year. 

[enter ARYA B]
[enter ERIC D]
[enter HENRY E]
ARYA: "Hey, Eric. Make sure you get in touch over the weekend about the lab on Monday!"
[exit ARYA]
I forgot... She's in this class as well. We all walk in. Henry and I sit in the back, while Arya moves to the corner in the front of the room.
[exit HENRY]
[enter HENRY B]
HENRY: "Ugh. I didn't know you associated with her."
ERIC: "I don't, not especially. Why, is there anything wrong with that?"
HENRY: "Her type just pisses me off."
ERIC: "What's her type?"
HENRY: "They don't care about anything."
He lowers his voice as the professor enters.
HENRY: "They clearly have talent as they're admitted here, and then they ignore their standings entirely. What a waste. I have nothing else to say about them."
ERIC: "If you say so."
[exit ERIC]
[exit HENRY]
Maybe he already has made up his mind to pursue valedictorian status. Not that he'd tell me, anyway. To be honest, I don't like him very much.

I eat lunch alone. I don't know where Sid is, but it's not as if I always eat with him anyway. As usual, I hurry to eat and then head out to the entrance hall. There are too many unpleasant stares in there.

It's the last class of the day for me, electives. I hustle back up the stairs to one of the English rooms. Through the window, I notice the sky is whiter than ever. Even some of the teachers are murmuring about the snow now. That must have not been on the forecast. I walk in to my final and least favorite class. Time for debate.

Maybe this class would be worth it if I was still on the debate team, but I quit that this year to have time to captain the archery team. If I had won the debate captainship from Felix last year, maybe I would've stayed on, but there's nothing here for me now but the irritation of former teammates.

[enter FELIX B]
[enter ERIC D]
FELIX: "Glad you're here Eric. I was just wondering about you."
He's waiting for me by the door.
ERIC: "Well isn't that unusual."
FELIX: "No. I know now, Eric. I know."
[enter MARILYN E]
MARILYN: "Felix, we're starting. Come in now."
[exit MARILYN]
[exit FELIX]
Some debate girl I don't know pulls him inside.

What was that? He's not glaring at me like earlier today in chemistry. He doesn't seem to be doing much at all really, just concentrating on the two students at the front of the room. I might know what he means, but it makes me anxious anyway. I don't pay attention to the presentation. I can't keep my eyes off the frosted trees billowing outside. As most students file off for gym, Felix stops me.

[enter FELIX A]
[enter ERIC D]
FELIX: "It's a shame though, really."
ERIC: "Clarify."
[exit FELIX]
[enter FELIX B]
To my bewilderment, he shakes my hand.
FELIX: "You were a worthy opponent, but it seems you've been defeated. I'm aware that you received no credit for last year's physics class and with your current standings, you have no chance of valedictorian."
ERIC: "That's true. I failed the final. But why are you shaking my hand?"
FELIX: "You were a great challenge to me and I appreciate it. Now that you've retired, I can respect that. I will take the top of the class. I won't let you down."
ERIC: "That's great. You can stop shaking my hand. I don't care about who's valedictorian anymore."
FELIX: "Well that's good, because it certainly won't be you."
ERIC: "How did you figure that out, anyway? I've been trying to conceal it, vaguely."
FELIX: "I have my sources."
And I have my suspicions.
ERIC: "You don't have to say, that's fine. But why the sudden change of heart?"
FELIX: "What change of heart?"
ERIC: "Oh, I thought you hated me."
FELIX: "You're kind of slow, aren't you? Well, whatever. It's always been this way. So long."
[exit FELIX]
And he walks off.

I thought it was fairly obvious that I'm no longer in the running for valedictorian, but he's maybe the second person to know. I outright failed calculus-based physics last year after missing the final exam entirely. It's not fully my fault, for reasons I'd rather not remember. But this year has come as a shock to me. Without that goal in mind, I'm not quite sure what I should be doing with my time around here. Maybe the archery team is a start to that. I'm no Emmanuel, but we'll see what I can't do.

I stay at the library for the gym period. The nice part about being a part of archery is I can skip gym class on Thursdays and Fridays. But this time, I don't have anything to do except watch the progressively heavy snowfall.

[enter ERIC D]
[enter REBECCA B]
REBECCA: "Hello, Eric."
ERIC: "Hi, I didn't see you. I guess that's right, the other members have free gym periods starting now."
REBECCA: "Right. It's almost 3:00, by the way. What are you doing up here anyway? It doesn't look like you're working."
ERIC: "I'm not. How about you?"
REBECCA: "Oh, me? I just finished. I was going to head down to the gym a little earlier when I noticed you sitting here."
She sighs a bit and another person joins the table.
[exit REBECCA]
[enter REBECCA E]
[enter PETE B]
PETE: "What is this? Archery team pre-meeting?"
ERIC: "No practice today. They're turning St. Magnus into a shelter, remember? I have Sid telling everyone else that practice is off anyway. Besides, I'm sure the gymnasium is full of people by now."
PETE: "No, there's gym class going on right now. I was down there for a while."
REBECCA: "Why?"
PETE: "Just a whim."
REBECCA: "Well, it's late enough that the classes are probably packing up. Do you want to head down there early and get the bows done?"
ERIC: "It might not be a bad idea. I'd like to leave before the snow piles up."
PETE: "Wait, we're still meeting then? And what's this about the snow piling up?"
REBECCA: "Eric and I are just going to restring the bows. And if you've checked outside in the last hour or so, you'd notice that the snow is actually accumulating. I don't think anyone expected that. It's November. That's way too early for there to be snow outside."
PETE: "Oh. Isn't that part of the hurricane though?"
REBECCA: "Hurricanes aren't giant snowstorms."
PETE: "But it's like rain, right? I mean, how else do you explain it?"
ERIC: "Does it matter? It's snowing and they're moving supplies into the gym. The details aren't very relevant."
PETE: "Whatever. Let's get to work on the bows then."
REBECCA: "Who said you were coming?"

Our party of three makes its way to the gymnasium on the first floor. As we pass the pools, I see the swim team starting to gather. Maybe they didn't hear the announcement. Or more likely, they're allowed to keep practicing because they stick to the pool and don't use gym equipment. The bell over the intercom announces 2:50. Time to go home for most students. We stand in the entryway to the locker rooms to avoid the students pouring out of the gym. A D-rank steps in and joins us.

[enter LYRA B]
[enter ERIC D]
LYRA: "Hm. So you decided to practice after all?"
ERIC: "No, I'm only here to string bows and then this one tagged along."
Pete bows.
LYRA: "Or perhaps you just intended to hold a practice without me. I'll wait here until I'm sure what you're up to."
[enter REBECCA E]
REBECCA: "Don't worry, we're not doing anything but repairing the equipment."
LYRA: "I'm sure it's not something that uninteresting. Well, I have nothing else to do anyway. I don't have to be at the jazz ensemble until 4:00 today."
ERIC: "It's snowing out, though. You might have trouble walking back."
LYRA: "That's okay. I love the snow. It's a fine day out."

The flow of leaving students dwindles, and the four of us enter a far-from-empty gym. There are stacks of boxes piled in the corners and sleeping bags lined against the wall. The loading dock is open and snow is billowing in. I'm surprised. Six inches of snow already? And it's extraordinarily windy. I don't spot any Bournewell Bay residents, but there are maybe thirty students that I recognize to be the men's track and women's fencing teams around a single teacher.

[enter KENNETH A]
[enter PROFESSOR B]
KENNETH: "You can't expect us to just leave. If the administration truly wanted that, there would've been a proper announcement through proper channels. We refuse to recognize that order."
The students crowd closer.
KENNETH: "Listen, you have your job to do and we have ours. This is beneficial for both of us. No one will think poorly of you because you concede."
PROFESSOR: "We're unloading supplies, and you'll get in the way. Practice can wait until Monday, at least."
KENNETH: "It's a matter of principle. I propose a deal. We will help the workers unload whenever possible, and in return, we will remain here until the residents of Bournewell arrive. That's reasonable. Do you accept?"
Before the professor can respond, his walkie-talkie buzzes.
PROFESSOR: "Hold up, one of the trucks flipped over on the drive up to the school. If you see any other staff, tell them to get out there!"
[exit PROFESSOR]
He dashes out through the loading dock.
KENNETH: "I declare practices to be on!"
[exit KENNETH]
Well, that captain certainly has his students geared up. They disperse.

[enter PETE E]
[enter LYRA D]
[enter ERIC B]
[enter REBECCA A]
PETE: "See, we'll practice anyhow."
ERIC: "What was the administration thinking? They should've canceled everything a lot sooner."
LYRA: "I wonder what happened with the truck though."
ERIC: "An accident. It's snowing like crazy out there. Unless they shut that loading dock, it'll be snowing in here as well.

Rebecca and I open the storage closet. I suppose that as the captain, it's my responsibility to demonstrate how to restring a bow properly. It's something they'll all have to do anyway. I set to work as the track and fencing teams bustle around about us. A few more workers and teachers are seen loading supplies, but more often, it's just people leaving for the crash site outside. We all try to ignore the sirens not too far away. At some point, the track team captain who was speaking earlier shuts the loading bay door. Another two join, interrupting my demonstration.

[enter MAX A]
MAX: "I heard a rumor about no practice, but I guess I was right not to believe it."
[enter CAIT B]
CAIT: "If you guys didn't want me here, you could've just said so."
[enter ERIC D]
[enter PETE E]
ERIC: "No, that's not it, sorry. We just happened to all end up here, and no one's kicking us out, so why not?"
CAIT: "I agree. Start from the beginning then."
PETE: "Aw that's no fun. You'll catch up, right?"
CAIT: "Concentrate on your own work or someone's liable to injure you."
[exit PETE]
[enter REBECCA E]
REBECCA: "Maximilian and I can show you. We're both returning members. Eric, keep going with Pete and Lyra."
ERIC: "Thanks."

It's 4:00. Both demonstrations are finished and we're almost done with every bow that Emmanuel purchased last year. It's surprising how much faster the work is done. I only slow down when I spot a few students standing in place, looking up at the large skylights. A few track members stop in place and more runners almost hit them while they look.

[enter LYRA C]
LYRA: "I knew this would happen."
[exit LYRA]
[enter CAIT C]
CAIT: "Nothing's happening, and you're lying anyway."
[exit CAIT]
[enter MAX C]
MAX: "If this is nothing, I'd hate to think what something is."
[exit MAX]
[enter ERIC C]
ERIC: "You have to be kidding me..."

There is only white outside. The snow blows so heavily into the glass that there is zero visibility. If this isn't a blizzard, I don't know what is. The conversation in the gym starts to pick back up, but even the track team captain, Kenneth, looks to be running low on enthusiasm.

[enter MAX B]
[enter REBECCA D]
MAX: "Wow, beautiful. It's a winter wonderland!"
REBECCA: "Knock it off. Something's not right. It's late autumn for one thing, and it looks more like freezing hell out there. Where's everyone from Bournewell? If they wanted to use this place as a shelter, time's running out."
[enter LYRA E]
LYRA: "No one's coming."
MAX: "She's right. How could they, in this weather?"
[enter ERIC A]
ERIC: "Okay, I'll see you all in a little bit. I'm going to go see Sid for a few minutes. I told him I'd come today and I lost track of time."
[exit ERIC]
REBECCA: "I'll take things from here then. Not that there's much else to do."
[exit MAX]
[exit REBECCCA]
LYRA: "Hey, I'll follow you; I need to stop in as well. Give me two minutes to finish this bow."

I wait a minute for her to complete her task, but it's obvious it will take her another ten minutes. I start off for the auditorium on my own. I see no one on my way there but the swim team at the pool. The entrance hall is completely empty. Nuffled music from the jazz ensemble escapes the auditorium. There are no lights on in the academic offices, or in the hall for that matter. The only light comes through the gray and white haze on the other side of the glass panes the separate this place from the outside world. I turn and enter the auditorium.

The auditorium extends from the first floor down to the basement level so that the stage is clearly visible even from where I'm standing, at the entrance. The whole area is lit with a bright light, a contrast to the bleak world outside. I start descending the stairwell as the eight or so students on stage continue to play the piece I heard from outside. As there are no other students in the audience and I must stand out to the people on stage, I choose an aisle and take a seat.

That's definitely Sid on the keyboard. I can't pick out his sound over the horn, but I never had any ear for music anyway. Actually, that's Henry Musikot playing the horn. That must be why he knows Sid. I don't know any of the other players. They stand at their places with a student conductor, arranged in a semicircle. The grand piano is unmanned behind them.

Hm, I was wrong before. There is one other audience member, a girl whose face I can't see in the second row from the stage. She looks familiar though. How many girls can I recognize from the back of their head? As the candidates in my mind dwindle down to one, she turns around and I see her face. There's no mistaking Marisa. I'd know her anywhere.

We stare at each other for about five seconds. For my part, I'm not thinking anything. One more second and I'll look away, get up, and leave. Sid saw me here; that's good enough for me. Except, as I stand to leave, somewhere above the rafters I hear a snap, and all auditorium lights simultaneously extinguish. For a moment, the exit signs at the left and right of the stage stand out from the darkness. But only for a moment.

[goto s0036]