[s0083]

I call back to her nevertheless.
ERIC: "Suit yourself..."

We leave her be and walk back up the stairs. 
[enter SID B]
[enter ERIC D]
SID: "I will never understand what there is between you two."
ERIC: "Let's talk about that later. She didn't kill herself falling off the stage or anything; that's all I needed to know."
SID: "You know... There's an exit to the auditorium that Henry overlooked."
ERIC: "Hm?"
SID: "The catwalk. You know those doors, one at the back of the biology hallway, and the other by the student lounge? They lead up to the rafters."
ERIC: "That's useless. No doubt those doors are locked as well. And how are we supposed to get up and down?"
SID: "Just a thought. Also, I'll take my phone back. It's half-dead as is, so there's no point to wasting battery."
ERIC: "Right. Thanks, here it is."

We put the double doors behind us and sit down at one of the tables in the entrance hall. Henry and the others are all at the table closest to the door, their attention focused on the whirling gray mass throwing itself against the school. The sun must be setting out there, past the clouds. Even if no one else has noticed so far, I'm sure the air in here is much colder. Without the power to provide heat, it's only a matter of time.

ERIC: "Do you have the time?"
SID: "I'd half to turn my phone back on. But it's sundown, as you can see."
ERIC: "That doesn't mean too much up here."
SID: "True."
ERIC: "I was worrying about when we'll run out of heat."
SID: "There are probably more pressing problems. Let's stick to the present."

But the present is very dull. Sid and I continue our occupation of the table as the rest wander around without much aim. It seems strange, but at times, I swear I hear faded music from a source I can't identify. I won't mention it to Sid; he'll probably think I'm hallucinating. We waste time hammering out scenarios and theories, even though we're both aware we're not accomplishing anything.

The light is gone now. Maybe sleeping would be the sensible thing to do, but I can't help my restlessness. I head over to the glass that everyone was so interested in earlier. It's cold to the touch. Between the power outage, the generator failure, the snow, the hurricane... What out there is conspiring against us? I turn my back to the outside world. This hall is my world now. There's nothing to see. There's no way to see it, without any light. Then I feel a tug.

MARISA: "That's you, right?"
[enter ERIC B]
ERIC: "I almost jumped out of my skin. Is that... Marisa?"
[enter MARISA C]
MARISA: "Who else? Keep your voice down. I don't know if anyone else is awake. We're going back to the auditorium."

She hesitates. I move my hands in case she tries to pull me, but she only mutters for me to follow. We avoid making noise as we traverse the entryway and then the auditorium.

MARISA:  "Up here. Sit on the edge."
I follow her and sit down. She's somewhere on my left, but I can't judge the distance.
[enter ERIC D]
ERIC: "You... What have you been doing in here this whole time?"
[enter MARISA B]
MARISA: "Nothing. I've been lying down."
ERIC: "I don't think we've exchanged this many words since last year."
MARISA: "Can we please ignore that? At least for now?"
ERIC: "I don't know how you expect me to ignore that."
MARISA: "I don't know either. But something's wrong. Tonight, I mean. Something is wrong, but I can't help feeling like this is where I belong."
I don't know what to make of her. Why am I sitting here next to someone I haven't spoken to in months, someone that I actively avoid and someone that actively avoids me?
MARISA: "You hate me, don't you?"
ERIC: "What do you want me to say?"
MARISA: "Fair point. Can we please call a truce? At least for tonight? For tomorrow?"
ERIC: "Are we at war?"
MARISA: "Sometimes I think you've approached it that way, so I figured I'd try your terms. I don't care. What will make you listen to me?"
ERIC: "I'm listening."
For a few seconds, she's silent.
MARISA: "There was nothing I wanted to say, really. Something feels wrong. Do you know what I mean?"
ERIC: "Maybe."
MARISA: "It's such a rush, though. Do you ever think that that one moment, one night, could be the defining moment of your life?"
ERIC: "Is this our moment?"
MARISA: "I don't know. But I feel tranquil, for the first time in a while. Isn't there something beautiful about the snow?"
ERIC: "Beautiful?"
MARISA: "The snow?"
ERIC: "You're out of your mind."
MARISA: "That might be true. But I feel clear right now. Certain. You should stay."

[choice]
[Stay and talk with her :: s0100]
[Return to the entrance hall :: s0007]