[s0086]
[increment MAX]

REBECCA: "Yeah, I'd rather not..."
MAX: "Wise move. You have your priorities straight, don't you girl?"
REBECCA: "Since when can you get away with calling me 'girl?'?"
MAX: "Well, I, for one - "
KENNETH: "Okay, I get it, neither of you will help me out. Anyone else?"
[enter CAIT E]
CAIT: "I'll handle it, let me just finish up confiscating this junk."

Max and I huddle together while Cait dashes around to the remaining students. I never thought I'd see anyone listening to such a hostile sophomore like her, but since this afternoon, everything else has been surreal, so why not her?

[enter MAX B]
[enter REBECCA D]
MAX: "Does that strike you as weird?"
REBECCA: "What, that Cait's so productive?"
MAX: "You're her friend, you tell me if it's weird that she's suddenly a paragon of civic duty."
REBECCA: "Yeah, it is strange. I've never seen her like this, not even last year in English."
Cait practically throws the bag of electronics at Kenneth before marching off out the gym fire door.
MAX: "Some sort of latent crush on that hunk of a track captain? My my, aren't snow-ins romantic."
REBECCA: "Come on, you don't seriously think that, do you?"
MAX: "I don't know. It seems about as valid as anything else. What does the oracle think?"
REBECCA: "Congratulations on finding another annoying name for me. But anyway, I think Cait's just taking advantage of the situation. People are actually glad to be listening to her for once."
MAX: "What, do you think she's a control freak?"
REBECCA: "That's Stephen. I don't know what's up with Cait, though. Maybe she likes other people relying on her. Or maybe she just likes attention."
MAX: "I thought you were friends."
REBECCA: "Not close friends, though."
MAX: "I also thought you were some sort of mind reader and knew everything about anyone anyway."
REBECCA: "If someone's interesting enough to be my friend, I'm not just going to label them 'control freak' or 'bully' and be done with it. Cait's something different. If she keeps it up, I'll make it my mission to find out."
MAX: "Whatever you say. Just don't get carried away."
REBECCA: "The observer always stays neutral."
MAX: "Are you a field psychologist now?"
REBECCA: "Oh be quiet."

Most of the gymnasium is still buzzing. I try and spot anyone I know, but most of the students are blanks. Laura went off with Eric, Cait and Sophie are at the pool, and Pete... Actually, where is he? I figure he must be off playing hide and seek or something, but at any rate, I won't bring it up with Max. I've had enough of him for one night.

Max and I sit together for a while longer and listen the students around us make predictions on when we'll be rescued and why no one's come so far. The rest of them aren't very inventive. Most of them seem to think that the rescue crew is working on the generators first, but I'm having trouble buying it. Max looks like he's more interested in listening than talking, and as that's not something he often does, I leave off asking his opinion about it. But when Cait comes back through the gym door, he stands up.

[enter REBECCA B]
[enter MAX D]
REBECCA: "Where are you going?"
MAX: "I figured I'd take over on guard duty for the swim students."
REBECCA: "Oh. So now you're buying into this citizen thing too, huh?"
MAX: "Or I could just be after information. Or maybe I'm trying to confuse you, or just sneak a peek at the wonderful babes on the swim team."
REBECCA: "Have fun, I guess. Try not to be too creepy."
MAX: "Oh, I thought you'd come with me. Isn't Sophie on the swim team?"
[hold]

[choice]
[Follow after Max :: s0206]
[Keep waiting :: s0088]