[s0088]

MAX: "See you later, then."
Not a backwards glance...

Without Max, I pace around the perimeter of the track. I only realize on my second lap who I'm looking for. Did Pete slip out while no one was looking? By the fifth lap, I've convinced myself that that's the only possibility. Maybe he's helping Max guard. For some reason my brain doesn't want to think too deeply about it; I'm too busy just keeping track of everyone. I keep cycling through all my acquaintances in my head and marking their location. Gym, home, home, gym, auditorium, pool... By the tenth lap, I'm done. I gravitate towards the only person in the room I vaguely know.

[enter KENNETH A]
[enter STEPHEN B]
[enter REBECCA D]
STEPHEN: "Oh, it's you. Care to help?"
Stephen is sorting through the pile of confiscated goods. The phones and laptops are in neat little stacks organized by who knows what.
REBECCA: "I'll pass, thanks. What're you even doing?"
STEPHEN: "I'm calculating the total battery life we have among all the machines. It'd be good to know."
REBECCA: "And I thought I was overthinking this..."
KENNETH: "Stephen knows what he's doing."
STEPHEN: "I do."
I wouldn't disagree.
REBECCA: "Do you think we won't be rescued for a day or two, then? If the rescue workers make it inside in the next few hours, all this rationing doesn't make much sense."
STEPHEN: "Who knows when they'll come? I just do what's sensible."
KENNETH: "But they'll come soon, right? That's what I keep telling everyone."
STEPHEN: "Just keep on doing what you're doing, Ken. You've been doing a good job so far.
KENNETH: "Thanks."

I turn to go back to my laps on the track, but there's some commotion by the door.

[enter PETE C]
PETE: "They're free! I freed the swim team!"

And sure enough, there they are. I spot Sophie among the girls passing through the gym door. Pete is standing next to the line with both his hands above his head. The noise he's making has most peoples' attention by now, but I notice Max amongst the girls and head over.

[enter REBECCA B]
[enter PETE D]
[enter MAX E]
REBECCA: "Wait, Max, what's going on?"
MAX: "I guess our friend Pete knows how to pick locks."
REBECCA: "That's amazing."
PETE: "I know, right?"
REBECCA: "I'm sure the swim team is happy with you."
PETE: "I'm like a hero, aren't I?"
I notice Max has one of his eyebrows up. No, Max wouldn't care much for this.
MAX: "Well, hero, why don't you go talk to Kenneth and Stephen. I'm sure they'll want to congratulate you, or even put your talents to use elsewhere."
PETE: "Good idea!"
[exit PETE]
[exit MAX]
[enter MAX D]
REBECCA: "Were you trying to get rid of him?"
MAX: "You'd have to be mighty dumb not to notice."
REBECCA: "So how were things by the pool?"
MAX: "Oh, fine. Uneventful. Pete was working on the door back in the girls' locker room, not the one I was standing at, so I didn't even realize he was there. And before I knew it, I heard him making a racket and there was Sophie and the rest coming down the hall."
REBECCA: "Oh! I almost forgot! How's Sophie?"
MAX: "Ask her yourself."
[enter SOPHIE A]
SOPHIE: "Hi, Rebecca."
[exit MAX]
[exit REBECCA]
[enter REBECCA D]
[animate]
[hold]

She comes over from the line of students queued up by Stephen to get their supplies from the food and equipment stash. I notice Max slipping away . That's not a huge loss though; I'd rather not hear Max complain about Sophie tonight.

REBECCA: "How've you been? Was it safe in there?"
SOPHIE: "Oh, I'm fine. We were a little worried about someone falling into the pool, but no, we were fine."
REBECCA: "Were you scared? What was everyone saying?"
SOPHIE: "I was pretty quiet, for the most part. I didn't catch what everyone else was up to sas I was at the door to the outside to watch for rescue. I figured everyone else in the school was already outside. I had no idea you were all trapped in here."
I never really thought of our situation as a trap until she brought it up, but stated like that, I can't deny it.
REBECCA: "Yeah, I guess you can see the situation for yourself. Kenneth's in charge of the supplies and everything, and we're just waiting until the rescue crews show up."
SOPHIE: "I wish there was some way I could help, but at the moment, I'm just really cold and hungry... I hope they arrive soon."
REBECCA: "So do I. What could be taking them so long?"
SOPHIE: "We can't know until they come, can we?"
REBECCA: "Well, if they aren't coming, maybe there's some other way out of the school."
[hold]

[goto s0089]