[s0109]

REBECCA: "We're going to the kitchen, and that's that. Someone has to take responsibility."
PETE: "And you think I'm the one to do it?"
REBECCA: "That's a laugh. But you work for me now, so hop to it"

For me, there isn't much work to be done. I never thought I'd see Pete sit still in one place for so long. He's kneeling by the door to the kitchens with one tool firmly in the lock and another running in and out keyhole. Ten minutes pass, and then twenty. I can't take my eyes off Pete, not because it's all that interesting but because I'm surprised he's not trying to pull anything.

[enter PETE A]
[enter REBECCA D]
[enter MAX E]
PETE: "Aha!"
REBECCA: "Do you have it open?"
PETE: "Yep!"
And the door swings forward.
REBECCA: "Good for you. Now get back here and help me carry this stuff."
PETE: "Have fun."
I was afraid of that.

It's still a good haul. Pokong around the kitchen, there's about a dozen bags of unopened hotdog buns as well as several blue pallets of milk cartons. I'm almost disappointed there isn't a feast prepared in here, but this could make a real difference.

[enter MAX B]
[enter REBECCA D]
MAX: "Here, carry the buns."
REBECCA: "Where did you come from?"
MAX: "Oh, I heard you got the kitchen open and decided to help."
REBECCA: "Were you worried about me?"
MAX: "I wouldn't dream of it."
REBECCA: "Were you tailing me this whole time?"
MAX: "Carry the buns."
REBECCA: "Got it."

As soon as we return the gym, Max sets down the milk palettes and vanishes off somewhere. I start to look around for Pete, but before I can do anything, Shibin is on top of me.

[enter SHIBIN D]
[enter REBECCA B]
SHIBIN: "Well, officer, I see you've liberated the supplies."
Liberated? Really? I wish Shibin was the type to joke, but I play along anyway.
REBECCA: "Pete broke through to the kitchen. We cleared out the area, but this is all there is."
SHIBIN: "Good. The mission was definitely a success. Thanks to you, we'll have something other to drink than this bottled water. In fact, we'd better start serving this milk before it spoils."

I don't think there's much risk of that with the current conditions in the gym. Even with all of us packed in here, the temperature is still steadily moving towards freezing. It's been over a day without heat in here now, and if we're here much longer, the hallways will be downright frigid. It's not worth it to argue with Shibin, however, so I'll leave him to dole out the cartons. Now where did Max get to?

[enter MAX B]
[enter REBECCA D]
MAX: "That didn't take as long as I thought."
REBECCA: "Oh, were you just trying to avoid the briefing?"
MAX: "Briefing? You're a true commander now, Miss Intelligence Officer."
REBECCA: "It's just what Shibin called it. Anyway, what're we supposed to do now?"
[hold]

[goto s0110]