[s0108]

Back at the gym, I'm predictably left alone when it comes time to relay the information to Stephen.

[enter STEPHEN D]
[enter REBECCA B]
STEPHEN: "Well, officer, how was the expedition?"
I'd think he was joking, but I've never known Stephen to joke. Does he think this is some kind of war? I'll play along.
REBECCA: "Unusual."
STEPHEN: "Did you liberate the supplies from the kitchen?"
REBECCA: "Not yet. We attempted to break through the catwalks door into the auditorium to rendezvous with the other students."
STEPHEN: "Any success?"
REBECCA: "There was someone else on the other side of the door that sabotaged our efforts."

As I keep talking to him, I stop noticing the weird terms he's using. Thinking of the situation like a battle is starting to make more sense. In any case, it's better than no perspective at all. By the time I'm done making my report, there's a queue of three other students with business for Stephen. I leave him and go find Max.

[enter REBECCA B]
[enter MAX D]
MAX: "Oh, you're finally done."
REBECCA: "You'll never guess who I ran into."
MAX: "Students-turned-cannibal with pointy spears and a thirst for blood? Oh, and with Eric Larsen at their head?"
REBECCA: "You're not too far off, if you stretch it."
MAX: "Seriously?"
REBECCA: "Well, not really. We tried to get into the catwalks, but Marisa Montoire was on the other end of the door."
MAX: "Isn't she that mute lass from last year's fencing team?"
REBECCA: "That's the one. She said we couldn't come in, and that if she went down from the catwalks, Eric and company would kill her."
MAX: "Welp, she finally snapped. It was only a matter of time."
REBECCA: "So you think she's just deranged or something?"
MAX: "As much as Eric would be the first to go hunting for tasty people meat, I don't think it's happened already. So yes, I think Marisa's got a few screws loose. The only question now is what Kenneth wants to do about it."
REBECCA: "Yeah. Stephen says we should just wait here, and maybe they'll hold some sort of council tonight to discuss what to do. I think it's more likely that Kenneth will just decide something and the rest will follow him."
MAX: "More like Stephen will decide something, then Kenneth will magically arrive at the same conclusion. If Ken wasn't so thick I'd wonder if Stephen wasn't blackmailing him. Oh, I have a question for you though."
REBECCA: "Hm?"
[hold]

[goto s0110]