[s0116]

REBECCA: "Max, I'm exhausted. I don't know how many times I've gone running around today, and I don't particularly feel like doing it any more. If there are some shenanigans you've got to pull, go do it yourself."
MAX: "Maybe I will, maybe I won't."
REBECCA: "Wow, getting sulky, huh? That's not like you. Are you just going to stay behind now that you can't convince me to come with you?"
MAX: "I'm not saying that because I'm not going, I'm trying to trick you into changing your mind."
REBECCA: "Well it won't work. Don't wake up when you come back."

I roll over on to my side to sleep. If Max ever left, I didn't notice. Today seemed to stretch on forever, and even the scratchy sleeping bag is good enough for me.

But my sleep is interrupted by a hand on my shoulder.

[enter REBECCA A]
[enter MAX B]
REBECCA: "Max? What the hell?"
MAX: "Did you hear that?"
REBECCA: "No, I was asleep. And so was everybody else."
MAX: "No, someone definitely screamed. I heard a scream out in the hallways, no doubt about it."
REBECCA: "No more tricks, Max. I'm not going with you to explore."
MAX: "Get up. I'm being honest for once, okay? Can you please trust me? I wouldn't be dragging you along if I thought I would be safe without you."
REBECCA: "That's very reassuring, Max. You owe me for this."

He pulls me over the sleeping students and at one point I trip over some snoring body. We slip through the door. Either Pete fell asleep or wandered off, because the guard chair sits abandoned by the door. Max pulls out his phone and we stumble down the gym hall.

[enter REBECCA E]
[enter MAX D]
REBECCA: "Max, you can let go of me. I'm not going to turn around."
MAX: "Sorry. Do you have anything to hold the door?"
We're up against the fire door to the south stairs.
REBECCA: "There's no need. Look."
Right at the level of the lock, there's a black pen jammed between the door and the wall.
MAX: "Let's go. It was definitely from down this way."
REBECCA: "Right."
MAX: "Quiet down! If there's someone out there, I don't want them to hear us."
REBECCA: "You're the one yelling."
[enter STEPHEN B]
[enter ARYA A]
STEPHEN: "Hold it!"

We must've attracted their attention coming through the door. Before I know it, Stephen and Arya are rushing through the fire door and it's all I can do to keep the door from shutting. Max flattens up against the wall and then follows them down.

[enter REBECCA E]
[enter MAX D]
[enter STEPHEN B]
[enter ARYA A]
MAX: "Sorry, I heard I scream and I had to - "
ARYA: "We heard it too. Why do you think we're here?"
We're down into the basement hallway. There are still no signs of life.
STEPHEN: "Stay on your guard. If there's someone down here who - "
[exit MAX]
MAX: "Oof!"
Max is flat on his face.
REBECCA: "Did you trip? What's that on the - "
[hold]

It's Pete. There's a red slick and shoeprint where Max slipped in his blood. My heart rate almost doubles. Is he dead? Pete's left arm twitches and Stephen jumps back.

[enter MAX E]
MAX: "Don't just stand there! Help him!"
ARYA: "I'm on it."
STEPHEN: "You have to be kidding me. Who did this?"
MAX: "Rebecca! Go get someone from the gym that can treat a stab wound. Get me Sophie or somebody. Run!"

I don't bother confirming before jumping up the stairs three at a time. I reach the first floor landing. Someone's running down the hall? Is that Cait? Am I in danger? No, there are at least two people coming down the hallway.

[goto s0117]