[s0130]
[increment LAURA_BAD_END]

ERIC: "Let's hold off."
SID: "Really?"
ERIC: "If Felix is just using us, this is a perfect opportunity to find out. If he carries through and sends the debate team to search the hallway tomorrow, he was probably being honest."
SID: "But if he doesn't..."
ERIC: "Then we know he's just trying to get us to do his work for him."
SID: "And that is a sign of much larger troubles."
ERIC: "It is indeed."
SID: "Hey Felix!"
[enter FELIX E]
FELIX: "Sid?"
SID: "You can search tomorrow. Eric and I are both a little tired, so we'll leave it to you."
FELIX: "No problem. I've got it covered."
[exit FELIX]
ERIC: "Did you catch any reaction?"
SID: "I can't read that guy, he's way too cold for me. Maybe that's why he's been so successful."
ERIC: "We'll find out tomorrow."

The light in the office is rapidly fading. The only source of illumination is what little sunlight bleeds through the snowscreen outside. With the setting of the sun, almost nothing will be visible in here. I work to find a place amongst the nest of chairs, curtains, and blankets before all the space is gone. When the light finally fades from the room, I find myself next to Felix, Sid, Marilyn and Henry.

[enter FELIX B]
[enter MARILYN A]
[enter ERIC C]
[enter SID D]
[enter HENRY E]
FELIX: "Good evening, Eric. How do you like it here so far?"
ERIC: "It's comfortable. I see you've been able to make a decent living area up here. I have to say, it's pretty impressive."
FELIX: "Thank you. We're trying to hold out for the long haul."
SID: "The long haul?"
MARILYN: "Above all else, we're here to survive. The debate team agreed that we might have to go hungry some nights, but we'll all pull through this together."
HENRY: "That sounds like a good plan."
SID: "Oh, Felix, that brings up something else I've been meaning to ask you."
FELIX: "Yes?"
SID: "How long do you think we'll be trapped in here for?"
He doesn't respond for several seconds.
FELIX: "You've struck a weak spot. There's no way to know. All I can keep track of is how long we can survive."
SID: "Fine. Then how long can you survive?"
FELIX: "I'd say we have several weeks. I started out estimating for longer terms but... Well, that's just where it settled."
ERIC: "You anticipate being up here for longer than a few weeks? Really?"
FELIX: "Eric, I have no idea what to expect. What do you think about the time frame? Maybe I'm missing something obvious here."
ERIC: "I've got nothing. I'm working on intuition here."
I hate to admit it in front of the ever-scheming Felix, but it's true.
FELIX: "Eric, I'm in the same hole."
It's bizarre to see Felix caught without a plan.
FELIX: "There's no way to know. All I can do is keep track of my supplies. It's driving me crazy just worrying about supply all day when there's nothing I can do about demand, and the students in the gym just throw a wrench into the whole thing."
SID: "Why's that?"
FELIX: "Let me start from the beginning here. I think we have enough stores to hold out at least twenty days."
[hold]

[goto s0131]