[s0163]

HENRY: "Could you tell this crazy girl to let go of me?"
ERIC: "You don't have to worry about him, Cait. He's a friend of mine."
HENRY: "Thanks."
CAIT: "You'd better explain why you're here though."
HENRY: "I already did. I went out last night to try and talk to you people but you shut the door on me, and then that idiot who was supposed to let me back in fell asleep. Poor form if you ask me. And even worse of you people to attack me on sight."
CAIT: "You guys shut your door too, you know. Don't blame us for this."
ERIC: "What did you want to talk to us about?"
HENRY: "Felix. I don't know what he's thinking any more. I'm not sure if something snapped or what, but things are pretty crazy up there."
ERIC: "What kind of crazy? Felix is usually a straight shooter."
HENRY: "He's gunning for the gym now. I think he's trying to open some door he found in the biology hallway."
ERIC: "That just means he changed his mind. He's not nuts or anything."
HENRY: "No, he's not trying to team up. Not any more, I don't think. After you took that multitool, he's done with teaming up. He just wants the supplies, and I don't think he wants to negotiate for them."
ERIC: "What, you mean he wants to steal the expedition stash?"
HENRY: "Maybe. I don't know too well."
ERIC: "I don't know if... Alright I might know what he's up to, but I really hope I'm wrong."
CAIT: "Spit it out."
ERIC: "He's decided that he wants to live, and everyone else be damned. He has his group of followers now, and he feels some duty to them, so he's going to get them through. Probably by killing off everyone else."
HENRY: "I don't get it. But I don't care about that really, I was only going to talk to you about that yesterday. Now I just need to be left alone here until they start working today and come downstairs. Then I join back up and we do our own thing, okay?"
CAIT: "Not so fast. We want to know the combination to that lock first. And more info on Felix, sounds like that bastard's planning something nasty."
HENRY: "I don't even know that. You and Eric can speculate or whatever, but I told you all I've got. And you don't need to wave that knife around everywhere. Do you have hormone issues or something?"
ERIC: "Cait, he's harmless. We'll let him go in peace."
CAIT: "I'm only listening to you because you're feeding me."
HENRY: "I'll go back up to the second floor then. Good luck, Eric."
[hold]

[branch LARA_LEFT > 0]
[true :: s0165]
[false :: s0164]
