[s0168]

Maybe I could use this time to catch up on a bit of sleep. Almost as soon as I try dozing off, Rebecca is beside me. The muscle fatigue from filing worked fast on her too. It's my job to take over though. Even if this takes days of filing, we can probably make it out. What will we even do when we break through? What will we find? As I cross the landing to the door, I can't remove an image of Felix lording over the gymnasium from my head.

I must be hallucinating. But no, before my eyes is the real Felix, standing on the stairwell with Henry in the shadows a few steps behind him. I don't believe it.

[enter ERIC B]
[enter FELIX D]
[enter HENRY E]
ERIC: "You!"
FELIX: "Oh stop being surprised. I believe you're currently holding my knife and using it to cut through that bolt."
[enter REBECCA A]
Coming to the sounds of voices, Rebecca is at my back.
ERIC: "Sorry about that, but it had to be done. Now what are you here for?"
FELIX: "Listen, Eric. We're about to put that gym under siege. I have enough allies to do it. I am one short of the perfect number."
ERIC: "What the hell are you doing?"
FELIX: "I'm gathering the survivors. We'll remove the supplies and return to the sanctuary on the second floor. That's enough to last five people through the winter."
REBECCA: "Through the winter? If we're trapped here til the spring then we're all dead. Are you even thinking straight?"
FELIX: "I'm the only one thinking rationally right now. There is no one out there. Everyone else is dead. That's the only explanation. We're the last ones. We exit this building when the ice melts. If I don't step in, the rest of them will gobble up their resources and all die. There are thirty people in the gym. They will all starve before springtime. When I gather my five, though.. We could last a long time."
ERIC: "I hoped it wouldn't come to this. You've found an end date to our isolation and you're planning accordingly. I'm guessing you'd use me for whatever it is you want then let me starve with the rest."
REBECCA: "Felix Salazar, right? I've heard about you. But he sounds honest Eric. You always play fair, don't you Felix?"
FELIX: "Then you won't mind when Eric and I leave you here?"
ERIC: "What do you want me for?"
FELIX: "You're holding that knife, right? And if I'm correct, a pair of scissors. I'm not one to take things by force."
ERIC: "Is that what Henry is here for?"
HENRY: "I find that offensive. This is all Felix's idea anyway." 
FELIX: "Eric, I need the first floor door open. You're currently doing it for me. You hold the tool to do it, and the position to do it as well. You're an intelligent person and I'd have no qualms teaming up with you."
ERIC: "Explain to me exactly what you want me to do."
FELIX: "Shake hands with me. Take the multitool with you and join me back up on the second floor."
ERIC: "And what about Rebecca?"
FELIX: "Lost cause. Leave her here or something."
I can hear her holding her breath behind me. Now what am I supposed to do?
[hold]

[choice]
[Accept Felix's offer :: s0173]
[Reject Felix's offer :: s0028]