[s0186]

REBECCA: "Fine. I accept. I'll escape on my own."
MAX: "Thanks, Rebecca. Don't let me down."
REBECCA: "I'll do my best."
MAX: "Hey Pete, get over here!"
He shuffles back to join us as the ram strikes another blow. With our luck, they'll break through before Max can surrender.
MAX: "I'm going to distract them with you. Here's the plan: You go out first to cover Rebecca as she runs to the gym. On her way out, I'm going to walk straight up to them and turn myself in. You take that opportunity to run for it."
PETE: "Wow, you're even letting me escape when it's all done. Thanks, Max."
MAX: "No problem, shorty. You're up first, right? It looks like it's almost time to start."
PETE: "Yep! Let me grab my supplies first."
He scoops up all the scattered cans and water bottles in the sleeping bag and throws the whole thing over his shoulder.
SOPHIE: "Max, you just gave him all of my rations."
MAX: "Tell you what, I'll deck Henry when I get out there and then he'll come to you for the broken nose. Then he'll be a perfect gentleman and share his food with you."
SOPHIE: "You're so considerate."
That's the first time I've heard Sophie use sarcasm. Days and days of isolation will change anyone.
MAX: "No problem. Are you ready, Rebecca?"
REBECCA: "I'm as ready as I'll ever be."
I'm a nervous wreck, actually, but Max is putting so much on the line for me that I have to put on a brave face. He probably sees right through it, but it's my duty.
MAX: "Pete?"
PETE: "I'm set. Should we go?"
MAX: "We don't have all day. See you, Rebecca. Take care of yourself."
REBECCA: "This isn't the last time we'll see each other. I promise."

Pete and I work our way to the locker rooms. The silence hanging across the pool is painful. I want to call out Max's name until the last second as he fades out of range forever. His safety has me worried much more than my own. I can't let him down.

PETE: "Hey, are you ready?"
REBECCA: "You first, Pete."

He giggles before dashing out the locker room door. I wait until I hear him singing at the top of his voice in the main hall before I make my exit. The sprint from the lockers to the gym is the fastest I've ever run. Pete's singing masks my footfalls as I fly down the hall. Thirty more feet, twenty more feet, ten...

I'm at the door. After the three hard knocks, it's two soft knocks, silence, then a knock again. The wait is interminable. Is anyone at the door? I don't want to be trapped out here. More than anything, I don't want to be trapped out here. When the door opens, I crash into the door guard and fall into the gym.

[enter REBECCA B]
STUDENT1: "Who are you? And how did you know the signal?"
REBECCA: "Shut the door first unless you want to be stabbed with a scissors spear. I'm Rebecca Bell, and Max taught me the signal."
STUDENT1: "Where's Max?"
There's no time for this now.
REBECCA: "I don't know. Where do you keep the food?"
He points.
REBECCA: "Thanks."
STUDENT1: "Hey, hold on a minute!"

I pile as many cans as will fit into a backpack then grab a sleeping bag off the shelf. Could it really be this easy? All the other students seem to be in some sort of stasis, their only movement a flinch whenever the ram strikes the wall. There's no time to explain this to them. If Max throws himself to the wolves before I'm at the door, the whole plan could be in vain. I brush past the guard to crack open the door and listen to the shouts from the hall.

PETE: "Hey! Let go of me! I'm Pete! I'm on your side, remember?"
ARYA: "Then what do you think you're doing dancing down the hallway, nimrod? What happened to your spear?"
HENRY: "Someone tie him up until we can check in with Felix. Everyone else get back to the ram."
MAX: "Oh Henry! Henry Musikot! It's me."

It's now or never. My heart's moving faster than I can handle. I jump when the fire door slams shut behind me. Henry says something vague, and then Max, and then Henry again, but I can't make any of it out. It doesn't matter. I need to slip past, and I need to reach the south stairs. I wish you luck, Max. You went above and beyond, but I'm on my own now.

I'm through. I'm past the barricade, and now I'm right at the south stairs. My focus changes from speed to stealth as I slip through into the stairwell. Odd, the door won't shut. When I check the bottom of the doorway, I spot a small block of wood. No doubt it's what Pete was using to keep this pathway open. I kick it aside, and when I pass through the basement door, I knock that doorstop out too. No one can follow me now. Sorry Pete, but it's all you deserve.

My days spent living underground pay off. It doesn't take me more than a minute to maneuver through the student lounge to the north stairwell. Every step I take, I expect to see some muscle-bound thug with a spear blocking the hall, but no one appears and now I'm almost at the office. I hold my breath and step through the door.

It's as Max predicted. There are only two or three students here, and only one bothers to look me over as I enter. But it's enough to doom me. I know her face. There's no doubt she knows I'm not one of them. This is the end.

[enter MARILYN B]
[enter REBECCA D]
MARILYN: "Go. What are you staring for? Run."

I don't need to be told twice. Though I've never been in these offices, it only takes a few seconds of poking around to find the door to the service stairs. It's a hollow metal door like the fire doors, but above the handle is a traditional door lock. If Pete was lying about this door, I don't want to imagine the consequences. As soon as the door opens, I know he was telling the truth. Only twenty steps above me lies freedom. Thank you, Max. I'm free.

It's almost dark out there, but the difference in atmosphere is unmistakable. All this time I've been pent up inside the school, I never realized how much I missed the simple things. The wind rushing down the stairwell is the most beautiful sensation.

[enter REBECCA C]
REBECCA: "Goodbye, everyone."

The night sky is a fine gray with storm snow clouds and fog. The wind whisks past my face and through my outstretched fingers. My only wish is that Max was here to share this moment. At the same time, I realize how selfish of me it is to be standing here. Will I ever know what happens to Sophie, Laura, Max or the others? And what of Eric and Marisa? It would be better if I never knew their fate.

Dwelling on them can only harm me. Every step I take away from this place, the more distance separates me from the people I leave behind. Maybe when I find civilization, I can put them behind me. There are always others out there. I don't know how much I'll miss Max, but maybe on that white horizon there's someone else for me. I take one step after the other for hours, miles, into the distance.

[perspective REBECCA] ????

I wake in the morning to bright, bright sunlight. The world around me is a piercing white. A full two inches of snow fell last night and the freezing rain is still driving into the wind. It's painful to open my eyes to the light or stand up against the snow, but I rise nonetheless. The farther I can travel today the better. What I brought should be enough to make it to Valdez but what if I lose my way? There's no one out here to point the way ahead.

Would it even make a difference to wander out here? Even with a direction in mind, everywhere I look is the same white whirlwind of sleet. There is no alternative but to move straight ahead. Only now do I know just how alone I am. There's no one to help. There's no one beside me. I keep trying to recall the face of Max or Sophie, but where I should see them, all I can envision is the white static of the snow.

[enter REBECCA C]
REBECCA: "I won't forget you. I swear I won't forget."

[end BAD_7]