[s0181]

There is no hesitation. I slash once at her chest and charge forwards toward the door. Rebecca's scream is agony to my ears, but that wound shouldn't be anywhere near fatal. With a slam that rattles the office, the door is finally shut. I spin to face the other occupants of the office.

[enter PETE C]
PETE: "Hee."
Max is on the ground, and Pete is standing over him. It looks like Rebecca is still on her feet. I make a grab at her from behind, but she runs forward.
[enter REBECCA A]
REBECCA: "Max!"
PETE: "I don't think so!"

I can do nothing but watch as Pete's spear pierces through Rebecca. This time, no sound escapes her mouth. She simply crumples to the floor and curls into a tiny ball.

[enter ERIC B]
[enter PETE D]
ERIC: "Pete! You idiot! What was that for?"
PETE: "I'm defending the door! This is what we we're supposed to do! Besides, they were enemies, right?"
I'm on the floor next to Rebecca, but she's not moving.
PETE: "Is the door locked?"
ERIC: "Of course it's locked. Hurry up and help Rebecca!"
She has to have a pulse. There has to be a reason her heart isn't beating. She'll come back if I keep trying to find her. Rebecca? Rebecca?
ERIC: "You've done it now. You've killed a girl."
PETE: "It looks like I've killed two people, actually."
He giggles and I can barely stop myself from punching him.
[enter HENRY E]
HENRY: "Eric? Are you okay in here?"
[exit HENRY]
[enter ARYA E]
ARYA: "They did it. The door's shut."
ERIC: "Rebecca Bell is dead. It looks like Maximilian Wolf is as well."
PETE: "Yep. He's dead as a doornail. It's kind of messy though. Ew."
ARYA: "Tch. That's not lucky at all. Well, say your prayers and report back to Felix. I'll guard the door for you."
[exit ARYA]
[enter HENRY E]
HENRY: "Sorry, Eric. Casualties happen. We can't know in advance, so don't blame yourself. Nothing to do now but the last rites."

I leave Henry and Arya behind without another word. Pete insists on accompanying me, meaning I have to further resist strangling him.

[enter PETE B]
[enter ERIC D]
PETE: "What's got you so down?"
ERIC: "Two friends of mine are dead. You and I are responsible. You especially."
PETE: "Oh, you mean what's-her-name and Max?"
ERIC: "No kidding! Where have you been for the past half hour?"
PETE: "My bad. But it's not like it's any big loss. They were going to die anyway once we took the food. And they were in the way, weren't they? And wasn't it fun?"
I turn to face him.
ERIC: "Are you deliberately antagonizing me?"
PETE: "No. I honestly don't understand what's wrong."
ERIC: "You have to be kidding me."
PETE: "I'm not joking. Are you really that shaken up about it? I don't get it."
ERIC: "Pete, I'm in tears here. I'm on the verge of walking out on Felix right this moment. Hell, I'm on the verge of pushing you down a flight of stairs. You're an absolute monster."
PETE: "Whatever you say. Hey, if you're going to resign as Felix's commander, you could always come with me."
ERIC: "What? Where are you going?"
PETE: "Didn't I tell you that I was going to skip out eventually? There should be just enough chaos with Max dead for me to waltz into the gym, grab some supplies, and be on my merry way."
ERIC: "Okay, three problems with your little dream: First of all, there's no way to get to the gym without going through Henry, Arya, and a mob of angry students. Secondly, they're not just going to hand you the food."
PETE: "And what's the third problem?"
ERIC: "And I have no idea where you think you'll run off to in here, because if you haven't figure it out by now, we've been trapped in here for over a week."
PETE: "To solve the first problem, I'll get back to the gym through the basement."
ERIC: "The basement fire door to the south stairs is locked."
PETE: "No. I left it open when I went across this morning."
ERIC: "You were on the gym side of the school this morning?"
PETE: "Of course. I can pick the lock to the biology office, remember? It's no big deal. I just left the doors open. Anyone can go back and forth now."
ERIC: "So if the gym students ever noticed, they could swarm us right this moment..."
PETE: "And everyone in the gym thinks I was captured by Felix, so all I'll need to do is say I escaped, steal some food, and make a break for it."
ERIC: "Where are you going to hide? The basements?"
PETE: "I thought I'd see how I fared outside. It might be a bit chilly, but I've got this big warm coat, you see. Once I'm out there, I'll probably head towards Valdez and see how - "
ERIC: "Wait, how are you getting outside?"
PETE: "Oh yeah, I never told anyone about that, did I? A few days ago I picked the lock to the service stairwell on the second floor. You can get there from Felix's base and it turns out that you can go up to the roof. It's not even blocked by snow!"
ERIC: "Are you kidding me? Why didn't you tell anyone about this before? We could've used the exit instead of killing each other!"
PETE: "I don't know. It didn't seem like a very smart move at the time. If everyone knew, they'd all be fighting for supplies right away and then they probably wouldn't work it out and time, and... I think I'd rather leave on my own."
ERIC: "Then you're running away? Right now, you're leaving the school behind?"
PETE: "That's the idea. You're kind of thick, aren't you?"
I'm stunned. How can this hyperactive bubble of a child be capable of this? Both in terms of ruthlessness and foresight, he's got me beat.
PETE: "Well, are you coming or not?"
ERIC: "Of course I'll go. There's nothing left for me here. Marilyn was right all along. We should've never given up hope."
PETE: "Oh I've still got plenty of hope left. It's a brave new world out there!"
ERIC: "I forgive you for what you did to Max and Rebecca, Pete. I think I would've done the same thing if I was forced to, and I was the one giving orders. You lead the way from here on out."
PETE: "No problem. Do you have everything you need?"
ERIC: "Yeah."

All I have is this spear. Is there anything else I need to do before I flee? There are no more supplies to be gathered, so we'll just take what we steal. I can't say goodbye to Sid because I have no idea where he is or if he's still alive. Marisa is dead. Max and Rebecca are dead. If I tried to talk to Henry or Arya, they'd stop me. Felix would order someone to tie me up. Cait and Stephen are locked in the back of some office. I've made it through this far, but everything's burning down around me. There is nothing for me to take out of this place. Why is there so much I'm leaving behind?

[enter PETE B]
[enter ERIC D]
PETE: "We have to move fast. If Kenneth surrenders or something before we can get into the gym, Felix isn't going to let us just take the food!"
ERIC: "I'm coming."

We reach the south stairs. As Pete said, the door swings open. He checks one doorstep as we pass through, and then another when we reach the first floor landing. There's no going back now. Pete takes off at a light run down the hallway and I do my best to stay close behind him. In some twisted way, the deaths of Rebecca and Max were convenient. With them gone, no one in the gym should know that I was on Felix's side unless they managed to catch my face in the crowd. And even if they did recognize me, who has the authority to act on that fact now?

No one challenges our entry to the gym. We're both met with a few blank stares, but no one says anything as Pete slips through the fire door. I'm hesitant to follow, but I dash in after him.

This place isn't the paradise I imagined it to be. Nothing but the same cloudy light falls through the windows, and the kids around me are either in tears or too dumbstruck to act. That's right, isn't it? They lost Arya and Stephen to my kidnapping operations, and only a day after that, Rebecca and Max have vanished. Half of their wall is crushed, and it's only a matter of time before Felix breaks in and takes anything they have left. Pete ignores all of this and cuts straight for the food.

[enter PETE A]
[enter ERIC B]
PETE: "Here, carry this!"
It's a sleeping bag. This would've been convenient a long time ago.
PETE: "And some food for you! Put it in the backpack here. See, we'll be on our way in no time."
No one seems to care that we're robbing the supplies. Could it be this easy?
[enter KENNETH E]
KENNETH: "Him. He's the one."
[enter SOPHIE D]
There are voices behind us. I turn to two familiar faces. It's Kenneth and Sophie. My stomach jumps.
SOPHIE: "Where?"
Kenneth's arm points out. To my astonishment, he's indicating Pete. What's going on?
KENNETH: "He's the one. He had the spear in his hands. First Max, then Rebecca, straight through the stomach..."

There's no time to think. Pete has caught on by now and he's started to back away, but I cut forward to the door. Any second I expect to feel Sophie's clutch on my shoulder, but it never comes. The journey to the gym door is ten times longer. It's only when I reach the exit that I turn around.

[enter SOPHIE B]
[enter PETE A]
SOPHIE: "Monster! I did so much for you, and now look what you've done! Do you even hear me?"

Pete isn't looking at her. What's he staring at? Then I realize he's staring at me. I've wasted too much time already. I slip through the fire door and into the hall, almost tripping over the discarded battering ram. Who knows if Pete will escape Sophie's wrath, but for me, every minute is a liability. There are no friends left for me in here. In my haste I don't even see the girl in front of me until I'm right on top of her.

[enter ERIC B]
[enter LAURA D]
LAURA: "Ouch!"
She coughs once or twice.
ERIC: "Sorry, I need to run. Feel better, Laura."
LAURA: "Eric? Eric Larsen, that is you. I thought you worked for Felix. What are you doing here?"
ERIC: "I..."

Where do I even begin to explain this? How do I tell this little sick girl that I've left everyone who trusted me either dead or betrayed, and that I'm now prepared to fly away like a thief in the night? I should probably just ignore her, but there's one last remnant of that voice inside my head that tells me otherwise.
[hold]

[choice]
[Take Laura :: s0182]
[Leave her :: s0183]