[s0184]

[perspective REBECCA] Friday, December 18th: 4:30 PM

[enter REBECCA B]
[enter MAX D]
REBECCA: "You killed him!"
MAX: "He was about to kill you!"
REBECCA: "He was surrendering!"
MAX: "If I had given him one more minute, he would've slashed you, or worse. I'm trying to keep us alive here!"

By now the other students are flooding into the room. The sight of Eric's eviscerated corpse causes most of them to fall back. The few that run ahead are met by a door with a shattered window, through which I can see the bulk of Henry Musikot struggling to keep it shut.

[enter MAX C]
MAX: "Keep pushing! You can't lock it from the outside!"

I can't believe he intends to keep chasing this battle. Max is right up at the front of the door, leaning into it in an attempt to push it open. A second later, the door is wide open. Standing at the other end are Henry, Arya, and half a dozen others all armed with improvised spears. Max still has the one he forced from Pete, but without the width of the hall, we lose the strength of numbers, the only defense we had against their weapons. Max realizes this almost as soon as I do.

[enter MAX B]
[enter HENRY E]
MAX: "Back! Go back! Everyone back!"
HENRY: "Murderer! I'll rip you apart!"
[enter REBECCA D]
REBECCA: "Max!"

I run towards him even as the others fall back, but it's a wasted effort. Henry carves out an arc through the air in front of me, tearing through Max's upper body. He falls into me as the door slams shut. Max is heavy. I look past his shoulder to the broken window on the door to see the eyes of Henry staring back. In my haste to get away, I almost trip backwards over Eric, but I finally escape the confined space of the biology office.

[enter MAX C]
[enter REBECCA B]
MAX: " Rebecca, I can walk, so you can put me down. Hurry."
[exit MAX]
[enter MAX D]
He hops up and takes a staggering step backwards.
MAX: "Come on, It'll only take Henry a few seconds to reach through the window and undo the lock."
[enter PETE A]
PETE: "Hi Max. Hi Rebecca."
MAX: "Oh of all the bad luck... Where's that spear? I swear I'll kill that kid."
PETE: "Don't you have bigger problems to worry about?"
MAX: "He's right. Come on, Rebecca, we need to make it back to the gym before they come back. Henry will slaughter me if he catches up, I know it. He saw me take down Eric... It's over for me."
REBECCA: "How can you still walk?"
MAX: "Don't worry about me! Keep going!"

We're the last two into the gym. Everyone else is staring at the door. There's no pounding, there's no yelling, and there are no sounds whatsoever. They're finally gone. After two minutes to regain my breath, I finally start to come to terms with what just happened in that five minutes.

There's a quiet terror in the air. No one has any idea what will happen next and I doubt anyone has a clear picture of what transpired. There's no mistaking that Eric Larsen is dead and Max is responsible. That picture of his intestines strewn over the office floor... I think I'm going to vomit.

[enter MAX B]
[enter REBECCA D]
MAX: "Rebecca, are you okay?"
REBECCA: "Max, did that really just happen?"
MAX: "Yeah. We drove them off. It's only a matter of time before they show back up, unfortunately, and I'm sorry, I think I need to sit down."
REBECCA: "Max! You're bleeding all over the place!"
I have no idea what color his shirt was originally, but it's soaked red from the ribs down.
REBECCA: "Come on, we have to get you to Sophie."
MAX: "Are you kidding? We can't go out there. Henry and his gang might be waiting at the door, and I've got forty people in here I need to lead."
REBECCA: "Leave the leadership to Kenneth. We're going to the pool."

I have to drag him to the gym door. He tries to resist, but if even I can pull him around, the problem is more serious than I thought. The fire door opens and shuts one more time, but there are no gangs of kidnappers waiting to spring out at us. The run to the door of the pool is short and hurried, and when it closes behind us I can finally exhale.

[enter SOPHIE D]
[enter MAX A]
[enter REBECCA B]
SOPHIE: "Rebecca, is that you? Oh, and Max. What were those horrible noises?"
REBECCA: "Sophie, you need to help Max. Someone slashed him across the chest. He's bleeding all over."
SOPHIE: "That's not good at all. Try and hold still. I'll see what I can do."

He makes no effort to turn her aside. Whether he wised up or just regained his senses remains unknown. Nevertheless, Sophie's working on him now, and he's not in danger of dropping dead. I'll count my blessings for that.

[enter LAURA B]
[enter REBECCA D]
LAURA: "Hi, Rebecca."
REBECCA: "Laura, I'm glad you're safe. How are you?"
[enter PETE A]
PETE: "Hi Rebecca."
REBECCA: "You! You traitor! What are you doing here?"
LAURA: "Traitor?"
PETE: "Quiet down, Rebecca. I'm not a traitor because I was never on anyone's side, really. I'm still not on anyone's side. I just go with whatever and leave when I want."
REBECCA: "You're horrible. If it weren't for you, none of this would've happened."
PETE: "Hey, you should be thankful you came out without a scratch. Max broke my nose when he took my spear, you know."
I thought his voice sounded a little off.
REBECCA: "I can't believe this. One moment ago you would've run Max through if you had the chance, and now you're sitting here being treated by the same person."
[enter SOPHIE E]
SOPHIE: "To me, there aren't any sides. We're all students here. I'm sure Pete's the same."
She calls out from the other side of the pool.
[exit SOPHIE]
PETE: "See? It's like she said. I'm perfectly neutral."
REBECCA: "There's no way I'm turning my back on you. You've had enough chances."
[hold]

Come to think of it, he's been responsible for an awful lot of awful things that happened around here. Knowing Cait, I figured she had been the one to goad Pete into a fight, but it may very well have happened the other way around. Without him, Felix's group would have never been able to reach us through the biology offices. He's the one who tricked me into exile. Yet here he is, smiling in front of me, with only a bloodied nose to stain his person while Eric Larsen lies dead.

LAURA: "Let's try to stay civil. What if we were all trapped in here together? It'd be very hard if you two were at each other's throats. I really don't understand."
PETE: "No problem. Max and Rebecca are my pals. Sophie too. You're the best, Sophie!"
[enter SOPHIE E]
SOPHIE: "Thanks, Pete."
[exit SOPHIE]
REBECCA: "Fine. I don't know what Max is going to do with you once he's able to stand back up, though."
PETE: "Hey Max, what're you going to do when you're able to stand back up?"
REBECCA: "Shut up. Could you at least have a little respect?"
Respecting anything is probably a violation of Pete's belief system. I'll talk to Laura instead.
REBECCA: "So, Laura, how are you? Are you feeling any better?"
LAURA: "It's about the same. I can't stop the cough, and I think Sophie has it now too."
That's right. I forgot this place was infected.
LAURA: "What happened out there?"
REBECCA: "Felix and his crew are laying siege to the gym. I don't know what they'll to do when they break in, but we can't keep them out forever."
PETE: "He's after the food."
REBECCA: "I know that much, you idiot. But once he smashes through the wall, what does he expect? Are we supposed to just say 'You win, here you go' and give him everything?"
PETE: "Well..."
REBECCA: "Or, how many of us are they going to kill off to avenge Eric?"
PETE: "To be honest, no one was expecting you guys to be able to repel that attack. We weren't expecting retaliation, just a few curious students, and hopefully Max along with them."
REBECCA: "Max is too smart for you. He was expecting a battering ram before we even heard the crashing. What else was Felix going to do?"
PETE: "It was a good plan to swarm us. Just one or two of you, and I could've cut them in half."
REBECCA: "You're absolutely horrible, Pete."
PETE: "Thanks for your opinion."

I'm not sure how long I'll be able to keep talking to that child, so I cross the pool to Sophie's side. There's only a few minutes left until the sun sets and the light completely disappears, so I have to watch my step to not end up in the water.

[enter REBECCA B]
[enter SOPHIE D]
[enter MAX E]
REBECCA: "Sophie, how's he doing?"
MAX: "I'm fine, Rebecca. Sophie enjoys playing doctor too much to admit it."
SOPHIE: "I'm glad you can still joke, Max. He's lost a lot of blood, but I think he should be fine in a couple days. Until then, you shouldn't move around much."
MAX: "Sophie, I'm practically a general over there. I don't have a choice but to go back. Do you think Kenneth can lead those clowns?"
SOPHIE: "I know you'll probably ignore what I think anyway, so all I can do is suggest things. But please, Max, just wait an hour or two. It would do you so much good."
MAX: "Have I ever told you you're wonderful, Sophie? I appreciate it."
SOPHIE: "Thank you, Max."

We're interrupted by a massive crash. I freeze. There's only one thing that could be making that sound. It took them less than half an hour to regroup, pick up the battering ram, and resume smashing through the gym. Next to me, Max swears loudly.

[enter MAX D]
MAX: "You have to be kidding me."
[enter PETE A]
PETE: "Hey! They're at it again!"
[exit PETE]
[enter LAURA A]
LAURA: "What's happening over there?"
[exit LAURA]
[enter REBECCA B]
REBECCA: "Henry and the rest are back. It's finally over for the gymnasium... There's no way rushing them will work a second time"
MAX: "Sorry Sophie, but I've got to get up. I've got to do something."
[enter PETE E]
PETE: "So long guys, but I think it's about time I got going."
MAX: "You're not going anywhere, you little rat."

We sit for almost ten minutes listening to the hammering on the wall. The impact of the ram is shaking the whole building. Max and I are caught in a rather difficult situation: we need to go help the besieged students in the gym, but Henry's group is between us and the entrance. The front door of the pool is still shut, so the only way out is through the locker room, through the door that Pete opened way back on the first night. That distance is enough for them to spot us and cut off our entry.

Pete said one of their main targets was Max. If anyone spots us trying to return, wouldn't they abandon the ram to hunt him down? Not to mention that Henry now wants Max's head on a platter for Eric's death... There's very little we can do to prevent the eventual breach of the gym walls without winding up in Felix's hands ourselves. That would only delay the inevitable.

[enter PETE B]
[enter REBECCA D]
[enter MAX E]
PETE: "Yep, I expect they'll surrender any minute now."
REBECCA: "Surrender? How dumb could they be to give away all their food? They'd starve."
PETE: "Think about who's giving orders over there."
MAX: "Rebecca. Rebecca, he's right. Damn it, he's right. Kenneth is over there. Once they break through he's going to cave in so fast it'll be embarrassing."
REBECCA: "But what can we do about it?"
MAX: "Give me time. I'll come up with something; I just need to work out what would happen. How much time do you think we have before they turn that wall into splinters of cement and decorative tile?"
REBECCA: "How should I know?"
MAX: "Okay, okay. I've got this covered. There has to be a way out of here..."
PETE: "Hey, I'll cut you a deal if you want."
REBECCA: "A deal?"
I'm tempted to refuse already. Anything that starts as Pete's idea ends up damaging everyone involved.
PETE: "Yeah. If you give me that food and sleeping bag over there, I'll go distract them or call them off or something."
[enter SOPHIE A]
SOPHIE: "Those are my mine, by the way."
[exit SOPHIE]
MAX: "What do you need a sleeping bag for?"
PETE: "I'm going to escape the school as soon as I'm done diverting their attention. If I do that job well enough, Felix wouldn't be very happy with me, now will he?"
He laughs.
MAX: "Hold on just a minute. How exactly are you intending to pull this escape artist act?"
PETE: "Oh, didn't I tell you? While I was poking around in Felix's base, I found this cool service stairwell in the back. It turns out that there's no snow blocking the exit to the roof, so I picked the lock."
REBECCA: "What? You're lying. Are you saying that this very moment, there's a clear route to escape the school?"
PETE: "Yep. I left the south stairway basement door open, so I'll just run back through the student lounge, up to the English offices, and out into the snowy sunset! That sounds pretty romantic, doesn't it?" 
REBECCA: "Max, don't let him go. This guy's a lot brighter than he lets on."
MAX: "I wasn't intending to. Pete, buzz off for a minute. Rebecca, come here."

We both obey. I kneel down to where Max is lying. Sophie is about to back away when Max beckons, drawing her back. He doesn't start speaking for a few seconds. Somewhere back in the hall, the dull cacophony of the battering ram can be heard once more.

[enter MAX C]
[enter REBECCA B]
[enter SOPHIE D]
[enter LAURA E]
MAX: "I'm going to surrender, Rebecca."
REBECCA: "I never thought I'd hear you say that."
SOPHIE: "He's just being realistic, Sophie. It's looking grim for all of us right now."
MAX: "There's no way I can pull us all out of this, but I'll be damned if I don't manage to smuggle at least one of you out of here."
SOPHIE: "I decline. It's all you, Rebecca."
MAX: "Sounds good. You're a good friend, Rebecca."
REBECCA: "You're doing this for me?"
MAX: "I'll go out there and throw up my hands. There's no way Henry could pass me up. They'll run straight to me and make a big deal of trussing me up. That's when you run to the gym."
The boom echoes down the hall once more.
REBECCA: "How am I supposed to get back in?"
MAX: "Knock three times hard, two times soft, break, then one more knock. The guard should let you in."
Of course he'd have some system set up. Max never fails.
MAX: "Take as much food as you can carry. Take that food, take whoever you want, and run for the hills. Pete's escape route can be used by anyone as long as you're quick enough."
REBECCA: "But Max, it goes straight through Felix's base. There's no way I could get through there."
MAX: "Most of them should be defending the battering ram, not their headquarters. Bluff your way through, Rebecca. I know you're a smart girl. You too Sophie, and Laura as well. Give me two more minutes and I'll go give myself up."
SOPHIE: "I can't do it, Max. I'll stay here and accept whatever they decide to do with me."
REBECCA: "Laura?"
LAURA: "I'll stay with Sophie."
MAX: "You're a lot of idiots. Rebecca, please take this chance. Do it for me. If I know you made it out, I can die happy."
[hold]

[choice]
[Take Max :: s0185]
[Leave him :: s0186]