[s0192]

[enter REBECCA B]
[enter ERIC D]
ERIC: "Maybe we should work out what we want to do."
REBECCA: "You mean about the scouting parties and the expeditions and all that mundane stuff?"
ERIC: "No, I mean us. You and me. What do we want to do?"
For some reason, his words make me uneasy.
REBECCA: "We're sticking together, aren't we?"
ERIC: "I hope so. We don't have to stick with the rest of them. We can do whatever we want. We have each other."
REBECCA: "It's nice to hear you say that. What did you have in mind, though?"
ERIC: "What if we were the scouting party?"
REBECCA: "Just us? We leave and find civilization on our own, is it?"
ERIC: "It could work. But it seems like a shame to leave everyone behind when everything seems to be moving for the better."
I remember the rising tension downstairs.
REBECCA: "I wouldn't count on it. Things might become just as bad around here in a matter of hours."
ERIC: "Then it's something we should consider. Do we want to put that all behind us?"
REBECCA: "Sacrifice ourselves for everyone else..."
ERIC: "It doesn't have to be that way. We might turn out to be the only ones that escape."
REBECCA: "I certainly hope not. I think I'd rather freeze in the snow than be alone out there."
ERIC: "Then it's lucky we'd be leaving together."
REBECCA: "What's your opinion on the matter?"
ERIC: "My opinion? I don't know. It was just something I was thinking of. It's entirely up to you."
REBECCA: "So you're going to leave me in a choice like that, huh?"
[hold]

Some part of me likes the idea, while another hates it. Journeying through the snow, just me and him... I didn't know I had the romanticism in me. But I have other ties. Max, Sophie, Cait, and everyone else... But do I really count those relationships? I've only truly known Eric in the past seven days, but why does he feel closer than all of those other people? Max let me down when I was counting on him. Sophie stood by while everyone else lost their sanity. Cait almost killed a boy and then sold me and Eric to Felix. Can I give up on them? Should I leave with Eric, just the two of us?
[hold]

[choice]
[Leave with Eric :: s0085]
[Leave with everyone :: s0034]