[s0194]

[enter ARYA B]
[enter REBECCA D]
[enter PETE A]
ARYA: "Hey, your name was Rebecca, right?"
REBECCA: "Yeah."
ARYA: "Could you turn that on for me?"
She passes me what feels like a chunk of wood.
ARYA: "There's a light switch on there somewhere."
When I flick the switch, a small LED brightens up the hall. By its light, I see she's passed me a mess of wire and bandages on a wood block.
REBECCA: "Where did this come from?"
ARYA: "I found the stuff down in the physics lab. There was only that little battery though, and I only had Pete's bandages to keep it together."
REBECCA: "So you two are collaborators?"
Now that I can see them, I can tell that Arya has her right arm supporting Pete, whose left arm is firmly rooted to his body by some sort of sling.
PETE: "Hey, she knows how to get things done, and I can hardly stand up right now."
ARYA: "I'm sure we'll make a fine team. But look, we're here. Now how to set this up..."

Arya fumbles around for a few minutes. It seems Pete can hardly stand up on his own after losing that much blood, not to mention that he has no balance without his left arm. It's lucky Arya is quite a bit bigger than him. They eventually settle down in a stable position.

[enter PETE B]
[enter ARYA A]
[enter REBECCA D]
PETE: "Here, take this."
He passes me what looks like an Allen wrench.
REBECCA: "Keep in mind I have no idea what to do with this."
ARYA: "That's fine, neither do I. This kid's the one who's going to be running the show."
PETE: "Right. So put that in the key hole and twist counterclockwise. Arya, can you move the light closer? Thanks. Alright, pass me the picks."

Pete starts his work on the door to the catwalks. I wonder what exactly their intent is, if this plan couldn't wait until Pete recovered enough to stand, or at least tomorrow. With the right convincing, I'm sure Kenneth would've endorsed this. I don't interrupt Pete's concentration though. With Arya supporting his right hand, it looks like this is about all he can do in the present state. It seems to be taking him a while, enough that my arms are feeling fatigued from this position.

[enter PETE B]
[enter REBECCA D]
[enter ARYA A]
PETE: "One pin left..."
The tool I'm holding slips and turns in my hands.
REBECCA: "Oh, I'm sorry, I wasn't expecting - "
PETE: "No, that's good. That was the lock turning. It should be open now."
ARYA: "Good. Another ten minutes of that and I don't think I'd be able to feel my legs any more. Okay, let's move out. Rebecca, can you help me with Pete? I'm a little stiff."
PETE: "Ah, don't bother. I'll just sit out here for now. You guys go on through."
[exit PETE]
[exit ARYA]
[enter ARYA B]
REBECCA: "Should we tell Max?"
ARYA: "That can wait. We'll go in then, just you and me."
Arya pulls open the door. Without the light from the device in my hand, I don't think I would've been able to tell if the door was open or closed.
ARYA: "You first, I guess."
REBECCA: "That's alright. Here, you can have this back."
I pass her the light and we both step inside. The door swings shut behind us.
ARYA: "Hello? Is there anyone here?"
The auditorium greets her with silence.
REBECCA: "Maybe they're all in the entrance hall. Or maybe they made it out the front door or something. Even with your light, we can't see all the way over there."
ARYA: "True. I'll call for them one last time so that they can hear over in the entrance hall."
REBECCA: "But no so loud that the people in the gym hear you, okay?"
Once again, she yells out but receives no answer.
REBECCA: "Wait, what is that down there?"
ARYA: "Where?"
She moves the light around, looking at the catwalks.
REBECCA: "No, the thing on the ground, almost directly below us."
ARYA: "Odd. Let me just adjust the light, here... Woah, who is that?"
REBECCA: "Marisa? Marisa, is that you?"
ARYA: "Rebecca."
I feel a hand on my shoulder.
ARYA: "Rebecca, look at her arms. Look at her neck. She's not alive, Rebecca."
REBECCA: "Oh god, what the... No, that can't be, what... Where did the rest of them go? Why is she lying there like that? I can't - "
ARYA: "We're going. We're coming back tomorrow. Keep control of yourself, it's embarrassing."
REBECCA: "Ah, hah, got it."
I gulp. Arya pushes the door to the main hall open and almost knocks Pete over.
[enter PETE E]
REBECCA: "Okay, Marisa is dead on the ground and there's no one else there. Okay, don't panic, don't panic."
PETE: "Dead people? Where?"
ARYA: "Sorry Pete, something unexpected came up. We're putting this off until tomorrow. Can you handle that?"
PETE: "Sure. What's going on?"
ARYA: "There's a student dead in the middle of the stage in there, and we can't see anyone else. I certainly hope it's not as it appears, but we'll leave this to another day. Rebecca, can you stand on your own?"
REBECCA: "I'm alright. It's just... No one can twist like that."
ARYA: "Pete, I'll help you back. Let's report to Maximilian and then call it a night."

I don't know why I'm so shaken. I didn't know Marisa very well, but I think I would've reacted the same way to any student lying on the floor down there. It just doesn't bode well. As much as I try to stop myself, I keep picturing Eric, Sid, and Laura face down in the dark corners of the stage, their limbs bent in three places. I have to stop thinking.

[enter MAX B]
[enter ARYA D]
[enter REBECCA E]
MAX: "Took you long enough."
I see Maximilian stretching before Arya has the sense to turn her makeshift light off.
ARYA: "Good news and bad news. Which do you want?"
MAX: "Bad news."
[enter PETE A]
PETE: "I don't think it's bad news, just weird and interesting news."
[exit PETE]
ARYA: "There's some chick dead on the stage in there, and that's it. No sign of anyone else, just a face-down girl."
MAX: "What? You're kidding. Who?"
REBECCA: "Marisa Montoire. It was horrible."
MAX: "I'll bet. Are you alright, Rebecca? Okay, this is not something I saw coming at all. Let's regroup."
ARYA: "We can't talk here, not now. Everyone will be staring. We're supposed to be asleep, remember?"
MAX: "Okay, let's save this discussion for tomorrow. Rebecca, Arya, Pete, go rest. I'll do my guard duty in earnest. That is a decidedly bad sign. You're absolutely sure she was dead?"
ARYA: "Either that or she possessed the neck-bending abilities of a great horned owl."
MAX: "Blech. Sorry you all had to see that. Just try to sleep, okay?"
I can't tell where he's looking, but I know that was directed at me.
ARYA: "Can do. I'm exhausted. Pete, make sure not to wake Sophie up."
[exit ARYA]
[enter PETE A]
PETE: "Got it..."
[exit PETE]
MAX: "Good night, Rebecca. I'd go with you, but it looks like the guard's job just became a little more relevant."
REBECCA: "Maybe I'll stay here then."
MAX: "You'll be cold."
REBECCA: "Doesn't matter."
MAX: "You're too childish. Don't complain to me when you're stiff in the morning."

Ah, that's the Maximilian I know. I curl up and try to sleep. We say nothing after that, but it's enough. I drift off, but I'm almost certain when I reach unconsciousness, there will be nightmares waiting for me.

[goto s0138]