[s0197]

[perspective REBECCA] Friday, December 11th: 1:00 PM

'...and 9 to 17 inches of snow expected overnight in the Valdez area, and whiteout warnings reported for Cordova, Anchorage and the entire south-central region. Stay tuned for more weather alerts from KEC43...'

[enter REBECCA B]
[enter SOPHIE D]
REBECCA: "Damn it. I don't want to walk home in the snow."
SOPHIE: "Is that a radio?"
REBECCA: "No, a phone with a radio app. Why, do you think I'd carry a radio around with me?"
SOPHIE: "Well, cell phones aren't allowed in here. You already know that, and I'm too tired to try to scold you."
REBECCA: "It's not my phone. Max lent it to me."
SOPHIE: "When you're up to no good, why is that guy always involved..."
SOPHIE: "What do you have that thing for anyway?"
REBECCA: "Just checking the weather. For once Max wasn't lying when he said there'd be a blizzard."
SOPHIE: "Only 9 inches of snow, though. It'll all be gone by Monday anyway, so there's really no hope of any more snow days."
REBECCA: "But there was a whiteout warning. How long does that last?"
SOPHIE: "Are you sure? Let me listen to this."

Sophie and I are sitting in the back of the main hall of the St. Magnus Academy for Young Scientists. It's my only free period this week in an otherwise hellish schedule. There are advantages to attending the top-ranked sciences high school in the country, but its location in literally Alaska is at times a drawback. In my two and a half years here, I've learned to at least pay attention to the weather, if only because it makes getting to the dorms a pain.

Another drawback: Everyone else here might as well be a genius compared to me. Every time I look at my workload I wonder how I even got admitted here. At the moment I should be reading a chemistry textbook, but Sophie and I stay fixed on the phone radio.

[enter REBECCA B]
[enter SOPHIE D]
REBECCA: "Great... we probably won't be able to get back to town over the weekend, let alone after classes today."
SOPHIE: "Hm... Are you still a part of that fencing team?"
That's out of the blue. But I know Sophie. She's got something in mind.
REBECCA: "Nope, that team's long gone. The captain graduated last year."
SOPHIE: "Well if it still existed, the first meeting would be today. And that meeting would be canceled."
REBECCA: "Probably."
SOPHIE: "I guess it's not surprising that no one decided to continue the team this year. I'd think this year there's an even less chance you guys would earn any credit."
[hold]

Ah, the infamous credit system of the St. Magnus Academy. I consider it a drawback (and a huge pain) but some of the more zealous students seem to be into it. All of the extracurricular programs here count towards class rank. The school has a reputation to uphold, so we're incentivized to win on the rare occasions we make it out of the wilderness to an athletic or musical competition. The way the upperclassmen fixate on class rank, who would want to captain a team that stood no chance of earning credit?
[hold]

[enter MAX E]
MAX: "Rebecca! Oh and Sophie. How's it going?"
I was wondering how long it'd take him to show up.
REBECCA: "Max! I checked the weather station and it looks like there's at least a foot of snow on the way, plus whiteout conditions. You were right for once."
SOPHIE: "What're you doing here? Aren't you supposed to be in linear algebra?"
MAX: "I ditched as soon as the problem set was assigned. Everyone's too busy falling over themselves about the snow to care anyway."
SOPHIE: "Hmph."
Here we go... Max is fine. Sophie is fine. Max and Sophie together are insufferable.
MAX: "If I can keep the grades, there's nothing wrong with it."
SOPHIE: "I doubt someone like you is exactly at the top of the class."
MAX: "Maybe I am. Maybe I'm secretly super smart."
SOPHIE: "Fine, fine. I'll go sit somewhere else."
[exit SOPHIE]
MAX: "What's with her?"
REBECCA: "Playing dumb doesn't suit you."
MAX: "Ah well, she's boring to be around anyway."
REBECCA: "Are you really at the top of the class, though?"
MAX: "Me?"
REBECCA: "That's quite a suspicious look on your face."
[hold]

It's another inevitable part of the St. Magnus culture. The valedictorian here practically has their choice of any university in the country. The competition among the top-tier students is insane, so I doubt Max would be able to keep a secret like that. Then again, it's common practice to hide one's grades. I still have a notebook from freshman year with all my pluses and minuses jotted down, back from when I still thought I was top class material. Now, two years later, I realize I never stood a chance.
[hold]

MAX: "Nope, not me. I'm a horrible student and I don't know why they let me in here."
REBECCA: "Oh come on. You're in that linear algebra a year early, and you're taking that analysis class as well. You're not dumb."
MAX: "Sometimes I wonder."

Maximilian Wolf is certainly not dumb. I've stuck with him since I met him last year, but I never thought he was stupid. He puts on a show, but his math skills are about five years above mine. I figure most people out after talking to them for a while, but Max is always unpredictable. Maybe that's why I tolerate him.

[enter MAX B]
[enter REBECCA D]
MAX: "Snap out of it, dear. The weather's back on."
I cringe.
REBECCA: "Don't call me 'dear.' That's nauseating."
MAX: "Then I insist that you call me 'Maximilian' from now on."
REBECCA: "I'm not going to call you - "
MAX: "Shh, the radio's on." 
[hold]

'...again, whiteout warnings issued for north of Cordova all the way north to - '
[hold]

MAX: "Did you turn it off?"
REBECCA: "No, of course not. It just shut off. Did it lose signal or something?"
MAX: "Or it's out of battery. Or we're running into fairy interference."
REBECCA: "Funny. You're not worried about this at all?"
MAX: "Not really. Fairies bug me so often I've gotten used to it."
REBECCA: "Oh shut up. This could be serious."
MAX: "You need to calm bit. Are you stressed, dear?"
REBECCA: "Forget it."

He sighs. I swear I'm not usually on edge like this, but something seems off today. Most storms are just an inconvenience, an extra obstacle in the half mile to the dorms building. Max jokes that every storm's a blizzard, but I wish he would take me seriously. Or maybe he does and I just can't tell.

It's 4 o'clock, not that the sun shows it this time of year. I can see the first flakes in the lamps that light the entry road. Whatever chatter in the hall is all about the weekend, never mind the snow. A few students are even leaving already. Sophie is sulking over at the far end, and as I look around the room for Max, I spy someone who doesn't belong.

[enter REBECCA B]
[enter ERIC D]
ERIC: "Rebecca?"
Eric Larsen: senior, contender for valedictorian, and a former teammate on the old fencing team.
REBECCA: "Eric? What're you here about?"
If he's trying to be top of the class, I wouldn't think he's in a study period, and even less likely to skip.
ERIC: "Are you coming to the fencing meeting this afternoon?"
REBECCA: "Eric, Emmanuel graduated, remember? There's no captain. We're over."
ERIC: "I'm the senior on the team now, so I've taken over. I'm trying to get things set up, so..."
REBECCA: "We don't even have enough members for a team. Emmanuel graduated, Max is probably too lazy to do it again, and Marisa quit at the end of last year after her tournament showing. Are you going to win them back or something?"
ERIC: "Marisa's long gone, but it doesn't matter. We're recruiting, and I put up some fliers. Sid's joining this year as well."
[enter SID E]
SID: "Hey."
I don't know him, except that he showed up to watch practice once or twice last year. I'm really not a fan of people I don't know.
REBECCA: "Look, Eric, we were the most dysfunctional team ever. All we did was play around and we were demolished at the state regional."
ERIC: "I thought you and Max looked like you were enjoying yourselves."
REBECCA: "Yeah, but that's not the point. We're never going to turn into a competitive team in one year. I know you're probably hounding after some sort of credit from us but it's not going to happen."
ERIC: "Well... It's hard to explain. You don't have to work extra hard, or... Never mind, just tell me if you'll come to the first meeting, at least."
[hold]

[choice]
[I'll be there :: s0198]
[We'll see... :: s0200]
[This is a horrible idea. :: s0199]