[s0204]

As I walk down the main hall, I keep glancing over my shoulder. Lara stays silent by my side, but past her, down at the window at the end of the hall, there's something not quite right. In the winter, the dark windows only serve to remind us of the neverending night, but this afternoon the black is tinted with gray snow. I can't tell if there's a storm outside or if the wind is just picking up what's already on the ground.

We're finally at the main hall. There's only one other person here, exiting out the opposite door. But as Lara and I turn towards the auditorium, the figure at the other end of the room turns around.

[enter LARA E]
[enter ERIC D]
[enter FELIX B]

FELIX: "Eric? You're sticking around this late?"
ERIC: "Felix."
Felix Salazar. He was my friend our first year here. Unfortunately he's smart, determined, and probably poised to become valedictorian, so it was a short-lived friendship.
FELIX: "You weren't thinking of coming up to the debate club were you? There's still a spot for you probably... even if you can't be captain."
LARA: "Huh?"
ERIC: "Never mind him."
We also used to be teammates. Until I was outvoted for captain of the debate team last year.
In retrospect it's almost funny how much I cared about that.
ERIC: "Thanks for the offer, Felix, if that actually was an offer, but I've got other stuff to do."
FELIX: "Oh? Would those other things be... fencing?"
LARA: "That's right. I'm a new member."
I wince as Felix grins.
FELIX: "Ehh? Interesting, Eric, very interesting. I hope you've got something up your sleeve. If you want to be my rival you have to keep things close, okay?"
ERIC: "I'm not your rival. Get out of here and get back to debate or wherever."
FELIX: "See you later!"
[exit FELIX]
I never liked him much.
[exit LARA]
[enter LARA B]
LARA: "That's an awful funny face you're making at the door."
ERIC: "Sorry. You can head on in to the auditorium. I'll just be a minute."

Alone in the entrance hall, there's no one to stand with me by the windows. I can see the full brunt of the storm now. It's hard to tell how much snow is coming down because of the sheer velocity of the flurries. There could be a foot of snow on the ground or five feet. It's impossible to tell. I place my hand against the glass as faint jazz echoes around the hall. The fluorescent light escapes no more than a few inches past the window. I turn around to enter the auditorium.

The auditorium extends from the first floor down to the basement level so that the stage is clearly visible even from where I'm standing at the entrance. The whole area is lit with a bright light, in contrast to the storm outside. I start descending the stairwell as the six or so students on stage play on. As there are no other students in the audience and I must stand out to the people on stage, I choose an aisle and take a seat.

That's definitely Sid on the keyboard. I can't pick out his sound over the horn, but I never had any ear for music anyway. The only other person I know is a junior named Henry, on trumpet. The rest of the players stand at their places, arranged in a semicircle. The grand piano is unmanned behind them.

Hm, I was wrong before. There is one other audience member, a girl whose face I can't see in the second row from the stage. She looks familiar though. How many girls can I recognize from the back of their head? As the candidates in my mind dwindle down to one, she turns around and I see her face. There's no mistaking Marisa. I'd know her anywhere.

We stare at each other for about five seconds. For my part, I'm not thinking anything. One more second and I'll look away, get up, and leave. Sid saw me here; that's good enough for me. Except, as I stand to leave, somewhere above the rafters I hear a snap, and all auditorium lights simultaneously extinguish. For a moment, the exit signs at the left and right of the stage stand in from the darkness. But only for a moment. Blackout.

[goto s0036]