Top row

Rebecca: Someone who looks fairly plain/not all that remarkable. I really wanted her eyes to stand out,and the green had extra contrast against slightly darker skin. I imagine one of her little hair clips would fall out over the course of the story.

Eric: He looked rather nice with blonde hair, too, but the red comes across as more unique to me. I think the eyebrow scar is a nice bit of visual interest.

Felix: I'm not really sure how I feel about his hair/eye colors! I picture him with sharp features and a lot of emphasis on his eyes; it'd make for some dramatic expressions. I thought of him as looking fairly tired. I'm sure he works hard!

Marisa: I wasn't sure if I wanted to go with black hair or light blonde! I was thinking about the "ghost" path of nightmare mode when I drew her.

Sid: I tried giving him slicked back hair, but it kept looking weird. He looks fairly unremarkable to me.

Marilyn: She's kind of drawn terrible here, but oh well! I guess it doesn't matter too much for concept art. Anyway, I figured brown eyes would look rather friendly, as well as fairly soft features. A friend described her as "preppy looking".

Lyra: I always pictured her as a bit boyish-looking. If you look really hard you can see a couple red dots on her forehead; I kept thinking "man if only I had skin as clear as these dudes in high school!" but ah-haha acne might be pretty gross to actually draw.

Second row

Kenneth: I hope he looks friendly enough! I feel kinda bad about looking forward to drawing him without Shibin around; the big eyes lend themselves well to looking absent-minded or like one has snapped. I don't think I did a good job drawing it here, but his eyes are supposed to be hazel, and his hair a dark brown.

Shibin: He strikes me as the kind of guy who wouldn't leave a hair out of place. I gave him thin glasses to contrast with Max's thick hipster ones.

Sophie: I picture her as looking sad and tired most of the time, and pretty muted when it comes to colors.

Max: He had black hair earlier, but I switched it to a reddish brown for reasons I don't remember today. I keep wondering if the dab of facial hair is a bit much.

Cait: She's a fake blonde, though it's pretty obvious. I kept thinking of her with a bun that got more and more unraveled as time went on, but it already looks pretty messy here! She has two different earrings, too.

Henry: Someone else suggested the mushroom cut, but now I can't unsee it! He's got bushy eyebrows and sectoral heterochromia in his right eye; mostly just a little bloop of blue in it.

Arya: I think she looks pretty unremarkable, too.

Pete: I picture him as looking like a nice guy. Someone said he looked like the kind of guy she'd love to play Mario Kart with; no clue what that means but there you go. I figured those kind of icy blue eyes would look good for any nasty expressions.