[s0065]

[perspective REBECCA] Sunday, December 20th: 10:00 AM

The morning is gray and cold, but I'm welcome for what little light there is. After five days, I have the chance to look upon the gymnasium once more. What a surprise that I'd end up back here. Not many of the other students are awake. No, they're awake, they just aren't moving. What is there to do? All they can do is wait, either for rescue or for attack. I stand up and resolve to find Max, but to my surprise, he's in a sleeping bag too, not too far from where I slept.

[enter REBECCA B]
[enter MAX D]
REBECCA: "Shouldn't you be doing something?"
MAX: "Like what?"
REBECCA: "Like preparing for attack, something like that. Important leader things."
MAX: "I'm out of important leader things for today, my dear. Come back tomorrow."
[exit MAX]
He rolls over.
REBECCA: "The day's only just started."
MAX: "I know. I just don't care."
REBECCA: "Fine."

Drifting away, I find myself walking towards the fire door. Two students are stationed there. They both look half-dead and one yawns audibly, but they perk up when I approach. I guess no one's allowed to exit either.

When night comes, I'll need something to present to Eric. I need some sort of plan. Actually, I might need a plan just to meet with him. If those door guards stick around, how am I supposed to leave? I should be able to solve that...

[enter REBECCA B]
[enter MAX D]
REBECCA: "Hey Max?"
MAX: "Oh, you're back."
REBECCA: "Yeah. I'm going to go see Sophie."
It's a convenient excuse to leave, and I wouldn't mind checking in with Sophie and Laura either.
MAX: "Sure."
REBECCA: "Meaning I need your door guards to let me out."
MAX: "Right... I guess I can tell them to let you out. We have to be really careful not to show any weakness to Felix. If his crew is waiting outside, I don't think we'd be able to stop them. Every time we open that door, it's a risk."
REBECCA: "I'm sure you can spare this one."
Though, from one perspective, letting me out is exposing a huge weakness. My interests and his are not exactly aligned at the moment.

Max has his words with the doormen and I pass through. Hopefully I should have the authority to exit tonight when I need to meet with Eric, but if I run into Max, I'd have a bit of awkward explaining to do. I doubt the same excuse would work twice. In the half-light, I head to the pool and to Sophie.

[enter REBECCA B]
REBECCA: "Sophie? Are you there?"
[enter SOPHIE D]
SOPHIE: "Right here. Quiet down a bit, though. Laura is asleep."
[enter LAURA E]
LAURA: "No, I'm awake."
REBECCA: "Sorry to wake you up."
LAURA: "No, I wasn't asleep."
SOPHIE: "What brings you here? I'm surprised Max let you out."
REBECCA: "Not much. I just wanted to see how you were going out here."
I can't exactly tell her I need to meet up with Eric tonight.
SOPHIE: "I'm fine. I wish I could say the same about Laura. She's come down with something and her fever's very high. I don't have a thermometer so I can't tell exactly, but it could be dangerous."
LAURA: "I can't be that bad off, can I? I don't feel too sick..."
REBECCA: "You were staggering around when we found you. You're not doing well at all."
LAURA: "I'll live though."
I don't answer, and Sophie remains quiet as well. Will any of us live?
SOPHIE: "Rebecca, you have to explain to me what's been going on. What happened to you that night? You vanished one day and I've never heard an explanation."
REBECCA: "That's because what little explanation there is is pretty poor."
[hold]

I tell her the story of Pete and Cait, which starts making more sense as I tell it. Was Pete trying to have me captured? Or was there something he wanted to tell Cait? Was Felix behind that plot from the beginning? Maybe I'll figure it out some time.

SOPHIE: "I hope Sid and Eric are alright, then."
REBECCA: "Eric is in Felix's hands now. We've gone our separate ways."
I hope Sophie doesn't know me well enough to tell when I'm lying. I've always been good at hiding things from others, anyways.
SOPHIE: "What about Sid?"
REBECCA: "I haven't heard."
LAURA: "I think he went with Felix. Somewhere we were split up."
SOPHIE: "I hope everything works out."
REBECCA: "Sophie, that brings me to another point... What are you going to do about all this? The conflict between Max and Felix, I mean."
SOPHIE: "What does that have to do with me?"
REBECCA: "You're here. You're part of the gym students with Kenneth and Max."
SOPHIE: "Nothing I can do will change anything. I'll stay here and care for Laura. At least then I'll be able to make some measurable difference."
REBECCA: "You mean you're just going to sit here? At least I'm trying to accomplish something..."
SOPHIE: "Rebecca, there's nothing you and I can do. Everyone's so wound up already that it's impossible to change their minds. I'm doing the best I can."
REBECCA: "Fine, Sophie, think that if you want. I'm not ready to give up yet."
SOPHIE: "I'll be here if you need any help then."
I know she could never help with what I'm planning. Why am I starting to see things like Max now, when for the first time we're not working together?
REBECCA: "See you, Sophie, and good luck, Laura. I'm going to walk around a little."

I exit the pool. Even though I know Max is correct when he said that any time spent out here is dangerous, but I need someplace to think and the atmosphere in the gym is oppressive. I walk to the lockers to the main hall and back again. I'm careful not to linger long in front of the biology office or the catwalk door; if someone from Felix's side came out, I'd be in a jam. I know I'm just stalling out here and what I'll have to do eventually to talk to Max. Changing his mind would make everything so much easier, and I know Eric is counting on me. With that in mind, I stand outside the fire door back to the gym.

Then I realize something: I don't know the knock. I remember Max executed some series of taps outside this door to enter the other day, but now what am I supposed to do? I knock twice and receive no response. All I can do is hope Max talked to them about this. After I count to sixty seconds in my head, I knock again. Nothing happens. I repeat this wait and knock process five times until the door opens.

[enter MAX B]
[enter REBECCA D]
MAX: "Oh, sorry about that, the guards just needed to get my approval to anyone in. They're just doing their job."
REBECCA: "That's fine."
We walk away and the guards let the door slam behind us.
MAX: "How's Sophie doing?"
REBECCA: "Not much different. ...But Max, you knew I'd have to reenter at some point. Why didn't you teach me the knock?"
MAX: "That knock is between me and the door guards. It's just safer that way."
REBECCA: "Safer?"
MAX: "What if Felix captured you and tortured you for information? It would be an easy for him to gain entry."
I'm offended by the suggestion, though I don't know why.
REBECCA: "Fine. It's your gym, so you run things the way you want."
I'm going to have to be brave and broach the subject.
REBECCA: "Let's say Felix surrendered. What would you do?"
MAX: "I'd assume it was a trap. I'm half-expecting him to try it at any time."
REBECCA: "There's no way you'd accept it?"
MAX: "If Felix came up to us and said 'Hi, I'm done and I'll leave you alone now,' then I'd have no problem with letting him go free. However, I don't think it'll play out like that. He'll come here and say 'I'm very sorry Maximilian, I was wrong all along, and won't you let me inside?' And there's no way I can accept that. It's simply too unsafe."
REBECCA: "You'd let him die?"
MAX: "Rebecca, I've realized that being in charge means that we have to bite the bullet every once in a while. If Felix and the ten students sorry enough to join up with him have to perish for us in the gym to continue living until rescue arrives, then that's the way it has to be."
REBECCA: "That's what I don't understand, Max. You're already dismissing the fact that we could all coexist."
MAX: "Because it's ridiculous. This is Felix Salazar we're talking about here. I know I've joked about Eric Larsen doing anything to get what he wants done, but Felix never gives up. And I mean never. Asking him to abandon something he thinks is right is pointless. Felix would never offer to surrender like that. He would rather die."
REBECCA: "Let's say Felix dies and puts Eric in charge."
Would Eric dispose of Felix to save his team?
MAX: "Then I'd say he has more balls than I thought."
REBECCA: "But would you accept his surrender and let him in?"
MAX: "Hell no. I'd think Felix forced Eric to claim that Felix was dead so that I'd be more likely to make the mistake of letting them in."
REBECCA: "You're hopeless."
[enter KENNETH A]
KENNETH: "What's hopeless?"
Where'd he come from?
REBECCA: "Kenneth, I forgot about you. I need to ask you something."
MAX: "Go ahead if you want..."
KENNETH: "What seems to be the matter? And who are you again?"
Did he forget already?"
REBECCA: "Rebecca Bell, remember? And I need to know what you would do if Felix Salazar surrendered and proposed that he would follow your orders if you allowed him and his crew refuge in the gym."
KENNETH: "I'd probably have to let Stephen answer that one. He'd be a little put off if I made a tactical decision without consulting him."
REBECCA: "Stephen isn't here, Kenneth. Felix captured him days ago."
KENNETH: "Then who... Oh, uh what's your name?"
MAX: "I'm Max, for the hundredth time. Rebecca, leave Kenneth alone, he's not feeling too great."
More like he's completely lost it...
REBECCA: "Kenneth, just tell me, would you have mercy on them? If it were only you?"
He scratches his head for a few seconds.
KENNETH: "Why not?"
[exit KENNETH]
And Kenneth Whitecastle walks away.
MAX: "I told you, he's off his rocker."
REBECCA: "Maybe. How long has he been like this? Since Stephen disappeared?"
MAX: "Before that. I think the stress just started working on him. You know, most of the students in this place still think he's the one in charge."
REBECCA: "That's kind of sad. I feel sorry for the poor guy."
MAX: "Anyway, is that all you wanted to talk about? I have some other people I need to see."
REBECCA: "That's all. Go do whatever you want."
MAX: "I don't know what's come between us, Rebecca, but I hope you're still with me."
REBECCA: "We'll see, Max. We'll see."

It's getting late. When was I supposed to meet Eric? Midnight? The sun is only setting now, so I still have a good amount of time to go. In the mean time, I'll have to think of something we can do the change Max's mind, although that seems very unlikely. Actually, maybe that's the key. Maybe we don't have to change Max's mind at all. Or maybe... Didn't he say yesterday he'd gladly trade his life for mine?

I find somewhere quiet to sit and think everything out. The beginnings of my plan are forming. However, I can't work my way over one big point. What reason would Felix have to surrender? All he needs is a substitute battering ram and a little more preparation and his group could break in here at any time. Without any further knowledge of their situation, I can't figure out why they would give in. That will have to be Eric's job. If he can convince Felix to give in, I might be able to work things out over here. I hope he's figuring it out.

[goto s0066]