[s0189]

[enter FELIX B]
[enter ERIC E]
FELIX: "You're still here, Eric."
I turn around.
ERIC: "You say that like you're surprised."
FELIX: "I heard you come back in late last night. I thought you were running away from me. It wouldn't be the first time. I have a feeling you're here to betray me."
I can't lose my calm now or I could lose everything.
ERIC: "No, I'm just here to help. I'll do what I can."
It's true. Isn't this for his own benefit?
FELIX: "The way you say that sounds ominous, but I'll take that as a sign of good will."
ERIC: "Thanks? Anyway, I just wanted to ask. What happens if we fail?"
FELIX: "Fail? What do you mean? How could I fail?"
ERIC: "If we run out of supplies before we break into the gym. What would you do? Go to Max and surrender?"
FELIX: "Are you daft? As long as I can stand, I'll struggle to stay alive. I'll do anything to break through. Being hungry won't change that. I've been hungry for ten days; I can last a little longer."
ERIC: "Whatever you say, but if Max plays it smart, I think he could keep us at bay for a long time."
Only if Max played very smart though.
FELIX: "Maybe. But you said it yourself. What's the point about worrying about that kind of stuff? We have to think in the present."
ERIC: "Remember when you promised me that you'd change your mind if the situation changed? You'd try to survive if you found some reason your lives were more valuable."
FELIX: "I do remember. I followed that promise. I have found something to chase after, Eric, and I have also found a reason why our lives are better than theirs. They are wasting their lives down there. They will all die. We'll all die unless this group liberates those supplies."
ERIC: "You're convinced no rescue will come, then..."
FELIX: "Exactly. And I've found someone who deserves to live through it all. There is someone that I can definitively say it is worth saving. If you can say that, then anything is justified."
I certainly can think of someone, but I'll let that pass.
ERIC: "Then I want you to make another promise."
Who knows, maybe with my work last night and something Rebecca knows, this could come in useful in the future.
ERIC: "If circumstances every change so that you know definitively that everyone under you will die, you'll go to Max and ask for help."
FELIX: "He's too smart to accept that. Why would I humiliate myself in my last moments?"
ERIC: "Maximilian is a gentleman. Maybe he'd save that one person you're talking about."
Felix is quiet. I know I've hit home.
FELIX: "Fine Eric. If I know it's all over, I'll ask for mercy. You didn't lead me wrong the last time you requested something like this, so I'll trust you."
This time his trust might be misplaced, but I've succeeded in what I needed to do.
ERIC: "Thanks, Felix. And I hope Marilyn recovers soon."
FELIX: "Don't count on it."
[exit FELIX]
He abruptly walks away. Was that a mistake?

It doesn't matter. I need to find something to do around here before midnight. At the very least, I can give Rebecca information. If we know their plans, maybe we can use that to our advantage. I don't see Arya or Henry around, though. They were here this morning, working on designs... I do spot Pete on his way out the door.

[enter ERIC B]
[enter PETE D]
ERIC: "Hey Pete."
PETE: "Oh, hi, it's the new guy. What do you want?"
I can't tell if that's animosity or just the way he always is.
ERIC: "Do you know where Arya and Henry are?"
PETE: "I think they're in the conference room across the hall."
Oh, that's the same room Sid, Laura and I used for our plans.
PETE: "I was just heading over there myself."
ERIC: "I'll join you then."
We cross and enter the room across from the staff lounge.
[enter HENRY E]
[enter ARYA A]
HENRY: "That you, Eric?"
ERIC: "And Pete as well."
ARYA: "Good to see you both. Did you come to help plan?"
ERIC: "If I can help that would be great."
PETE: "Plan what?"
HENRY: "If you don't know what's going on, you're only a pain in the neck."
ARYA: "Let him stick around. He's just playing dumb."
HENRY: "If you say so."
ARYA: "Maybe you can help us out, Eric. If you've been down in that area, do you know what kind of security they have on the other side of the catwalks?"
ERIC: "No, not really. Why do you need to know?"
ARYA: "We think we have the new ram down. We're going to construct it out of a teacher's desk this time. It shouldn't be too hard. But have they reinforced the walls or something? This can't be an empty threat."
ERIC: "I'm not sure. I wasn't down there for too long."
It's true enough.
HENRY: "Alright, maybe we can send you to scout before the attack then. There's a good chance Max wouldn't attack you on sight, so it would be a good chance for you to prove your worth."
ERIC: "I'll see what I can do. When are you planning to attack? Tomorrow?"
ARYA: "That seems most likely. We'll probably strike in the evening this time so they'll be less likely to spring out. There's a difference in the plan, though. This isn't a straightforward attack."
PETE: "Really? It's a surprise?"
HENRY: "The ram is just a ruse. When they spring out of that fire door, we'll be ready. We're just going to have two people man the ram, and the rest will storm the gym when they open the door. We have superior arms and we should be able to overpower them."
ERIC: "And you're going through the biology office doors?"
ARYA: "No, those were barricaded after the catwalks fell, thanks to Pete's sloppiness."
PETE: "Sorry. What can I say?"
ERIC: "So you'll use the catwalks."
ARYA: "Exactly. We'll all move into the catwalks and then storm out at the same time. We need to overwhelm any guards they might have stationed at the other end before they alert the main body."
HENRY: "That's why it would be great if you could tell us what sentries they have."
ERIC: "Got it."
[hold]

Well, from what I saw, Max's side looks woefully inadequate. Henry was waiting to ambush unwitting spies, but Max had no one guarding the other end. It may be in my interests to keep that information to myself, though. I could discourage their attack if I said that the gymnasium students had barricaded the rafters. It all depends on what Rebecca has to say.

ARYA: "Are you two going to stand there or are you going to help?"
PETE: "Bye."
[exit PETE]
ERIC: "What do you need help with, aside from scouting?"
ARYA: "We're working through all the possibilities. We want to be prepared this time. Last attempt, we weren't anticipating some sort of rush, so we're working out all the eventualities. The next attack has to be decisive."
ERIC: "I'll see if I can help, then."
HENRY: "And then later, you' going to check the catwalk door, right?"
ERIC: "Of course."

I pull up a chair and join their conversation. Arya and Henry were apparently tasked by Felix to cover the details of the battering ram ruse strategy. I try to add my input where I can, but I'm still not sure if I want Felix's plot to succeed or not. If Rebecca and I are trying to work him into a position where he has to surrender, then what I'm doing now is counterproductive. I'm just biding my time until tonight.

When the light fades from the small conference room, we think we've thought through most scenarios. All of us rejoin the group in the staff lounge, and I'm left with a few free hours before I need to meet Rebecca. Now I can easily escape under the pretense of scouting for Henry. Actually, if I stick around here much longer, they'll all wonder why I put off scouting until midnight. I'll leave now. To make sure, I should check in with Felix before I head out.

[enter ERIC B]
[enter FELIX D]
ERIC: "Hey, I'm heading out to scout the main hall."
FELIX: "Through the catwalks? Good luck. I'll give you the key."
ERIC: "I forgot you could lock that door... Then why was Henry guarding it?"
FELIX: "To capture scouts. I'd rather have them not trying to pick the lock."
ERIC: "I guess that makes sense."
FELIX: "You might also need a light. Here, take this."
He hands me what feels like a piece of plywood."
ERIC: "What?"
Felix messes with the block in my hands and a blue light clicks on.
FELIX: "Arya made it. The battery's fresh, so it should last a while."
ERIC: "Thanks. I won't let you down."

I have time to spare, but I'd rather not do the scouting I was assigned. It wouldn't be very effective to be spotted or captured by some confused gymnasium student now. Instead, I'll check out this side of the school. It's been a while since I've seen what's become of the biology hallway and the office. Also, I should probably check on Sid in the basements.

With that in mind, I walk to the north stairs. The door to the biology hall is unlocked. I suppose they must not worry about anyone breaking in when the catwalk and biology office doors are shut. No one is inside. The glass from the shattered windows isn't present either. I navigate by the blue light from Arya's contraption and eventually find my way to the office where Sid, Laura, and I ran into Caitlyn.

That's right... Whoever Sid freed must be wandering around somewhere. There aren't very many places in this building to go at the moment, so there's a finite chance that I'll run into them. I don't think Stephen would be a threat, but if Cait finally snapped, I could be in danger. It shouldn't matter that much.

I enter the office to find it much the way I left it. No one is on guard duty here, and the only change is that the door is locked. That's strange. Wasn't this the sight of one of the battles between Stephen and Felix? I walk back down the biology hallway and head downstairs. It's time to visit Sid. Almost as soon as I'm at the landing, I hear a voice.

[enter SID B]
[enter ERIC D]
SID: "Who's there?"
ERIC: "It's just Eric."
I walk into the student lounge. Sid is wrapped up in the remains of our makeshift shelter.
SID: "Where'd you get the light?"
ERIC: "It's Arya's.'
SID: "You stole it?"
ERIC: "No, no, I'm supposed to be scouting for Felix. I guess I'm doing that."
SID: "Do you have anything to eat?"
ERIC: "I have a little I saved from my meal. It's not much though. Pete stole two boxes of supplies when he ran away from Max's group and now Felix is rationing that out. Here you go."
SID: "Thanks. I wouldn't ask, but..."
ERIC: "Don't worry about it. I know you'd do the same for me."
SID: "Any further planning?"
ERIC: "Henry and Arya are busy plotting some decisive strike, but I have no plans. I only have some vague ideas. I'm really relying on Rebecca here."
SID: "Good luck with that. When are you supposed to meet her?"
ERIC: "Midnight. I don't know the time, though."
SID: "And neither do I. You might want to go wherever you're supposed to go and wait for her."
ERIC: "It's only been a couple of hours since sunset, right?"
SID: "I wouldn't know. There's never any light down here, remember?"
ERIC: "Maybe I should get going then."
Then again, Marisa is right under that main catwalk. I don't want to be in there longer than I have to. Why did I agree to meet Rebecca at that spot? There are so many better options.
SID: "Again, let me know if I can do anything for you."
ERIC: "I won't get you involved unless it's absolutely necessary. If anyone from the English hall side sees you, we're both going to be in for a bit of trouble."
SID: "Good luck."

I climb back up the stairwell and start towards the rafter door. For almost a minute, I stand there with the key to the lock. Could I just wait here until I hear her enter and then head in myself? What if I missed her? That would be a disaster... I'll have to do it. I have a light this time, so I'll be able to see down to the floor. Once I have the door to the auditorium unlocked, I switch off Arya's makeshift flashlight and open the door.

My hands follow the railings as I walk down the raised platform. She must not be here yet. I knew I was early. I stop in the middle. Marisa must be directly below me. Some morbid part of me wants to switch on the light, but the mere thought of seeing her again horrifies me. Possibly someone moved her away when they were passing back and forth, but they would need to climb down to the lower level first, and I don't think anyone would go to those lengths to move a corpse. At least the cold will prevent her from rotting down there. That would be terrifying. I try to drag my mind away from those thoughts when the door on the other side of the room opens.

[enter ERIC B]
[enter REBECCA D]
ERIC: "Rebecca?"
REBECCA: "Eric, you're safe."
ERIC: "It's good to hear your voice."
I hear her footsteps echo down the catwalk and we embrace at the center of the stage.
ERIC: "Everything's well in the gym?"
REBECCA: "Better than I expected. You want me to report first?"
ERIC: "Why not?"
REBECCA: "It looks like Kenneth is completely unhinged. He didn't recognize me and he thought Max was Stephen. Something's not right with him."
ERIC: "That's not good. So Max is really in charge, then."
REBECCA: "He's the boss, and he's very paranoid."
ERIC: "He should be. Felix is closing in."
REBECCA: "I couldn't convince Max to compromise. Even if Felix surrenders, Max won't accept it."
ERIC: "I don't think Felix is going to be surrendering any time soon, and if Felix wins control of the gym, it's all over."
REBECCA: "What can we do, then? I have a few ideas, but..."
ERIC: "I opened the basement fire door to the south stairwell. If Max wanted to, I think he could trap Felix's crew in the staff lounge. But the way Arya and Henry are scheming, they'll have taken this place by tomorrow night."
REBECCA: "We need to work out some sort of draw. Right now, things are really volatile and it could go either way. I think I know some way we can have the gymnasium group at least listen to us, but..."
ERIC: "What were you planning?"
REBECCA: "You act as if you've completely joined Felix's cause, and then you capture me."
ERIC: "Capture you?"
REBECCA: "You take me hostage. You say that you'll trade me for Max. He'll take it. He wouldn't be able to resist."
ERIC: "Then what?"
REBECCA: "Kenneth is left to lead the gym. We could easily press him into accepting some sort of bargain. That kid is unstable."
ERIC: "Okay, but once Felix has Max, the gym students stand no chance against Felix and Henry and Arya."
REBECCA: "Right. That's why it won't work. I'm sorry, but it's all I've got."
ERIC: "What if we matched our plans together?"
REBECCA: "You mean we trap Felix just as Max surrenders? How does that work?"
ERIC: "Henry and Arya are planning the attack for tomorrow night. We stop them right here, on the catwalks. I'll pretend to be on their side and I'll barter with Max then and there. However, most of the gym students have already circled around and trapped Felix's group on the catwalks. Felix told me he'll surrender if the situation is hopeless. Trapped in the auditorium is exactly that: hopeless."
REBECCA: "It could work... So we tell Max that the plan is for him to lead a small segment of students to the front and the rest circle around? And then you 'capture' me and hold him up at the front?"
ERIC: "Right, and it holds up Felix as well. Then, once Max is out of the way, Kenneth will accept Felix's surrender."
REBECCA: "It sounds ridiculous, but it's the closest thing to plan we have, so we have to try."
ERIC: "If we screw it up, the balance of power will swing wildly in one direction. One side will crush the other."
REBECCA: "That'll happen no matter what we do. This position can't last forever."
ERIC: "Right... Then we both know what to do?"
REBECCA: "I think. What time do you think Felix will try to attack?"
ERIC: "I can convince him to choose midnight. That's a time that we can both find."
REBECCA: "It looks like it. Okay, I'll be right here when you come with Felix's crew, then you step forward and take me hostage."
ERIC: "I can explain my half of the plot to Felix. Of course, without letting him know he's being pincered."
REBECCA: "Right, he'll see the logic in disposing of Max."
ERIC: "Well... I should report back to Felix on the scouting."
REBECCA: "Good luck. Until tomorrow, then."
ERIC: "And the day after, hopefully we'll be able to stay together."

[goto s0067]