[s0183]

ERIC: "I'm leaving, Laura."
LAURA: "Leaving?"
ERIC: "I'm escaping. It's over for me in here. You're about the only person I can talk to in here who won't try and kill me."
LAURA: "You seem like a good person, Eric. Why are you running away?"
ERIC: "I'm not a good person, Laura. I'm a person who does what they need to to survive."
LAURA: "Isn't that lucky?"
ERIC: "And right now it looks like the only option for me is to get out of here as quickly as possible. If anyone asks, you can tell them. I'll be long gone."
LAURA: "If you say."
She coughs into her arm.
LAURA: "I was looking forward to fencing."

I can't bring myself to respond. It's such a simple wish, but it's so impossible. Half of our club is dead and another is a murderer. Am I a killer too? I've spent too long here already, it's time to go.

The path back to Felix's headquarters is as I left it. By some miracle, I run into nobody on my way. The door guard offers only a slight nod as I cross the threshold. This is the moment of truth. If Felix or Henry is here, then I'm going to have some serious explaining to do. I'm lucky again. The only one here I know is Marilyn, who makes her way over to me. 

[enter MARILYN B]
[enter ERIC D]
MARILYN: "Eric."
ERIC: "Marilyn, I know I let you down. I never wanted this to happen, but everything kept going wrong."
MARILYN: "I can't hold it against you, Eric. I didn't stand up when it was my time, and neither did you. We both bear as much responsibility as anyone. 
ERIC: "I'm the one that attacked Rebecca, even if it was Pete that brought her down."
MARILYN: "Get a grip, Eric. You can't safe everyone. Your hands aren't clean, not by a long shot, but neither are mine. We share our guilt."
MARILYN: "You look like you're headed somewhere. What are you going to do now?"
ERIC: "Pete said there's an escape route through the roof. I'm running blind here, Marilyn. This whole thing is moving so fast and I'm coming up with it as I go along. I've got a sleeping bag and food for a few days and I'm leaving the school behind."
She looks at the backpack over my shoulder and the sleeping bag under my arm.
ERIC: "Come with me. There's nothing left for anyone here."
MARILYN: "I have to stay with Felix."
ERIC: "Really?"
MARILYN: "I admire your ability to put the past behind you, Eric, but I brought this upon myself. I'm supposed to be Felix's keeper, and I failed. I need to stay behind. Maybe my efforts will be enough to save a few of the students in the gym..."
ERIC: "Then you're staying?"
MARILYN: "Eric, you have to hurry. Felix and Henry will be back any minute. If you go now, I won't tell them you were here."
ERIC: "Thanks, Marilyn." 
MARILYN: "Best of luck, Eric. You're weren't such a bad person, you know."

It takes under a minute to find the service staircase. It's identical to the fire doors, except there's a traditional lock and handle mechanism on the front. I grip the handle. Don't fail me now, Pete. Sure enough, the door pulls outward to reveal a set of stairs, and at the top, the swirl of fresh air.

[enter ERIC C]
ERIC: "It's been so long."
[hold]

It's almost dark outside, but the difference in atmosphere is unmistakable. In my days of confinement, I never realized how much I missed the wind. I wish I could stand here and reflect, but I have no time.
[hold]

ERIC: "Goodbye, St. Magnus."

The night sky is dark with storm clouds and sleet. The wind whisks past my face and through my outstretched fingers. Strangely enough, I can't bring myself to feel any joy, only an agonizing melancholy. I wish I had convinced Marilyn to come. I wish I knew where Sid was, or that Rebecca or Max or Marisa had come back from the other side to escape with me. They never had the chance.

There's no looking back now. Every step I take away from this place, the more distance I can put between myself and the horrors of that building. Maybe when I find civilization, I can put this whole school behind me. Even the bite of the wind of the snowstorm is relief. I want anything but to dwell on what I'm running from. I take one step after the other for hours, miles, into the distance.

[perspective ERIC] ????

I wake in the morning to bright, bright sunlight. The world around me is a piercing white. A full two inches of snow fell last night and the freezing rain is still driving into the wind. It's painful to open my eyes to the light or stand up against the snow, but I rise nonetheless. The farther I can travel today the better. I've packed enough to last against my thirst and hunger, but the cold could very well do me in, and I'm concerned that without the school as a landmark, I might lose my way.

Would it even make a difference to wander out here? Even with a direction in mind, everywhere I look is the same white whirlwind of sleet and snow. There is no alternative but to move straight ahead, but the snowscape before me is endless. I'll keep marching forward, no matter how many days pass or how low the temperature drops or how hard the path becomes. The only thing that could possibly justify my actions is my survival. I can't give up now.

[enter ERIC C]
ERIC: "I will not give up. I will live. I will not give up."

[end BAD_4]