[s0035]

[date]
Friday, November 11th: Day 1

Ugh, is it tomorrow already? I used to be so energetic in the mornings, but this year it's been hard to pull myself together. It's already 6:30. If I don't hurry, I won't have a chance to talk to Sid this morning. It's fortunate I don't have to be at the school at 6:00 for to start the archery work, as I originally planned. With Rebecca helping out, we should be able to string the bows by the time the rest of them arrive at 3:30.

The winds are strong as I pick my way to school. No one else dares to look at me. That's fine. I don't mind what the rest of the students are doing. I'm sure I left late enough that Marisa won't see me here. She lives in the same block of dorms.

More than a few trucks pass me as I'm walking. That's unusual. Hardly anyone drives around Bournewell. Are they building something down at St. Magnus? I pass through the gate and into the entrance hall.

[enter ERIC B]
[enter SID D]
SID: "Oh, hey Eric. It's almost 7:20. Sleep late?"
ERIC: "I guess. But what's with the trucks?"
SID: "Haven't you heard about Ophelia?"
ERIC: "Yeah, the hurricane? I was watching the news yesterday evening. Category 3 storm, estimated to hit southern Massachusetts at 4:00 today."
SID: "It's a category 4 storm, and it's hitting the cape. The state is turning this place into a hurricane shelter for Bournewell.
ERIC: "I guess that explains it. What, is the gym closed off or something?"
SID: "Everything's being unloaded down there. All team activities are canceled this afternoon."
ERIC: "And how is everyone supposed to figure that out? Did I miss an announcement or something?"
SID: "No, they just notified the captains. What, didn't you receive anything?"
ERIC: "Nothing. I'm not surprised though. Maybe we can still get the bowstrings done though... Hm. So is the jazz ensemble called off as well?"
SID: "What? Oh, you know about that. No, it's on for today."
ERIC: "Why didn't you tell me earlier you were a part of the jazz ensemble?"
SID: "I don't know. I've never been overly open about what I do, and neither have you. Anyway, I thought maybe you'd find it trivial."
[hold]

He shrugs. I wish people wouldn't make assumptions about my opinions. Maybe before, I would've thought the jazz ensemble to be a waste of time, but only because it had a low chance of earning credit. That would've been the end of discussion. But ignoring credit...

ERIC: "Maybe I'll stop in when I'm done fixing things up for archery. I'll hear what you guys have been working on."
SID: "Oh? Sure. You intend to still hold archery practice?"
ERIC: "No, but I recruited someone to help me string bows. I don't see her today and I'd hate for her to show up with no one there."
SID: "Ah. Understandable." 
ERIC: "Oh, so does that mean that D-year girl, Lyra, who was at the meeting yesterday is also in the ensemble?"
SID: "Probably. We're starting the recruitment process with auditions on Monday, so prospective members have been dropping in and out all this week. Some of them rehearse with us."
ERIC: "I'll be sure to drop by then. Oh, but it's 7:30 already. See you later."
SID: "Likewise."

First class is organic chemistry. It's a class I had to compete for a seat in last year, but after two months, I realize it was probably a mistake. The material is difficult and the other students in the class, almost all seniors, are extremely uncooperative. 

The lecture progresses as normal, but there's going to be a lab on Monday. The professor tells us we have five minutes to find partners for the lab. Within twenty seconds, most students are standing next to their designated partner. I am not one of them. I don't know anyone in here well enough to form that special love/hate symbiotic relationship that is the designated lab partner. One by one, my choices are dwindling, until... I was afraid of this.

[enter FELIX B]
[enter ERIC D]
FELIX: "Well, would you look at that. Eric, how are you doing?"
ERIC: "Fine. And you?"
[hold]

We stare at each other for a good ten seconds. It's more of a glare, really. That is Felix Salazar, a frontrunner for valedictorian. I knew his face after he turned up in all of my classes, but I never knew his true nature until he beat me out for captainship of the debate team last year. He's not one to be messed with and he always gets his way. As he sees me as his rival, Felix getting his way usually does not end well for me.

FELIX: "Look around. You don't have much choice, do you?"
ERIC: "Maybe I'll work alone."
FELIX: "Yeah right. If I'm set up to be your partner, I'd never trust you to do it on your own."
[hold]

We both know the old pair assignment ruse. Valiantly claim to take on the responsibilities of your partner, turn in nothing and take the F. It might hurt your grade, but if it means the difference between a competitor's A and A-, then it's worth it all. At first, I'm offended Felix thinks that's what I'm talking about, but I remember with some guilt that until a little while ago, I actually thought that way as well.

ERIC: "Well?"
FELIX: "Make your move. Are you going to bully someone else's group apart?"
ERIC: "I'd ask the same of you. But it looks like you're going to take the risk and work with me."
[hold]

By this point, more than a few people are staring in our direction. You'd think we were about to throw some punches.

[enter ARYA E]
ARYA: "Oh hey guys, do you have room for one more member? There are an odd number of students; let's be a group of three."
FELIX: "You... Are you insane?"
ARYA: "What? It's only logical. I'll decide then, we're a group. Now sit down and pick your jaw off the floor."

It really is settled then. She's either oblivious or has nerves of steel. Either way, I'm glad she's sitting between Felix and me at the moment. I can feel his eyes boring through her head. Monday will be painful, but for now, I only have to endure another three minutes of this class until second period, which I have free today.

[choice]
[Spend next period in the library :: s0078]
[Spend next period in the entrance hall :: s0079]