[s0173]

ERIC: "I'm with you, Felix. I accept."
FELIX: "You're stronger than I thought, Eric. You'll be perfect."

I can't bear to look at Rebecca. As I walk down to Felix and Henry, I keep my back to her. Once the three of us reach the other side of the basement door and it's shut behind us, I manage to turn around. Of course, now all I can see is the metal door across from me. I promise I'll be back. When we have food, I'll be back.

[enter FELIX B]
[enter HENRY A]
[enter ERIC D]
FELIX: "Stop staring, Eric. You know we can't take her."
HENRY: "I can come back and let her out tomorrow, if you want. We're trying to keep the number of mobile students down for today."
FELIX: "Here's an immobile student now."
Lying by the entrance to the student lounge is Caitlyn Baquiran. I wonder why she's not moving until I notice that she's trundled in almost an entire roll of duct tape.
HENRY: "Hey Felix, do you think we should take her up to the base with the rest of the hostages?"
FELIX: "Why bother? She'd probably hurt you if you tried to move her anyway."
He's right. The tape is keeping her back, but I can hear her growls through her covered mouth and her eyes are livid.
ERIC: "What happened to her?"
HENRY: "She's the one who shut you in the staircase, actually. We set it up last night."
FELIX: "It was pretty clever of Henry. He promised a slot in the five survivors if she'd shut the door on you, and she followed through with it. I have no place for traitors in my circle, though. Sorry Caitlyn."

All of her fight vanishes. Is it because I'm looking at her? Her actions were certainly deplorable, but I find myself unable to judge. Haven't I just done the same thing to Rebecca?

In the span of only a few days, Felix's headquarters in the English offices has turned from a lifeless cave into a den of activity. The moment we arrive, Henry crosses the hall to an empty classroom. He strikes up a conversation with a few debate team members who are ferrying rope and some of the pulleys from the auditorium. Inside the office itself, the pile of curtains and cushions lies in one corner and a table full of scissors, tape, and wood occupies the center of the room.

[enter ERIC B]
[enter FELIX D]
ERIC: "What exactly are you guys doing in here? It looks like you've been busy."
FELIX: "I suppose I'd better give you all the details if you're going to be one of my circle..."
ERIC: "Probably."
FELIX: "Well, you know the general outline already. We either need to put enough pressure on the students in the gym that they surrender their supplies, or else we take the supplies by force. We're going to - "
[enter PETE A]
PETE: "Hey Eric. How long have you been up here?"
ERIC: "Is that... You're the kid who wanted to join the archery team, aren't you?"
PETE: "Yep."
FELIX: "I see you two already know each other. Pete plays an important role. If we hadn't recruited him, the current operation wouldn't be feasible."
PETE: "I'm the lock picker."
ERIC: "What doors need unlocking? Are you trying to get to the gym from over the catwalks?"
FELIX: "Sadly enough, that's impossible. Whoever's in command on the gym side built a massive barricade on the other side of that door."
PETE: "It was Arya. They put a ton of gym equipment and stuff out there and it takes up half the main hallway!"
FELIX: "I really wish I had contact with Arya. She'd make such a great ally. But anyway, we can't cross to the gym via the catwalks. Thanks to you, Eric, we found another way."
ERIC: "I don't recall figuring out another path into the gym, unless you're going through the broken fire door at the entrance hall."
FELIX: "It's nothing like that. You broke into the biology office on the first floor, right?"
ERIC: "Oh I see. You're going to cross from the office into the main hall, but it's locked."
PETE: "Yep. That's what I'm here for!"
ERIC: "So you're going to reach the gym by opening the door in the biology office... Then what?"
FELIX: "We've found enough tape and scissors to make some simple weaponry. They outnumber us, so we need an advantage."
ERIC: "You're just going to overpower them?"
FELIX: "No, nothing like that. I have a completely different plan in mind. We're going to take hostages. Or maybe it's more accurate to say that we intend to do a lot of capturing. Anyone who wanders out into the hallway is ours."
ERIC: "What's the point of that?"
FELIX: "Think about it. When we have Shibin, Arya, and anyone else who could possibly be an advisor to Kenneth, plus a dozen or so other students under our control, what choice does Kenneth have but to surrender?"
ERIC: "I have no idea of the politics in the gym."
PETE: "Ken's in charge, but Shibin does all the thinking."
FELIX: "I've dealt with Kenneth before, and I think if we can knock out his support, he'll do whatever we tell him to."
ERIC: "And he'll just totally surrender? If he gives up all the shelter rations, he'll starve."
FELIX: "He'll tell his underlings to stop resisting us, and then we'll step in and take it all. Once that's done, it's irreversible. It's not the most honest of tactics, but that doesn't bother me as much as it used to."
ERIC: "Hang on, back to this capturing strategy... Won't they eventually stop going outside the gym? If the gym group shuts that fire door, you can't exactly lay siege."
[enter HENRY E]
HENRY: "Oh yes we can."
FELIX: "Oh, you're back, Henry. How goes the battering ram?"
HENRY: "The lift's in place in the auditorium, so they're about to start hauling up the tables. We figured it'd be easier to bring the whole thing up rather than take it apart down in the entrance hall."
ERIC: "The battering ram?"
HENRY: "It's my idea. We take the steel frames from the tables in the entrance, bundle them together, tidy up the end of it, and then when we put ten students behind it, we'll bust through the front wall of the gym."
ERIC: "Are you serious?"

Felix's side of the school is gearing up for war. I'm not sure where I stand ethically on this, but I can't lie to myself: participation in this massive effort is exhilarating. The pointlessness of the last week is all forgotten: we have a plan.

[enter FELIX B]
[enter HENRY D]
FELIX: "Go for it, then. Use that classroom across the way as a workshop."
HENRY: "Right. I might need a few more people on this end to help receiving."
[exit HENRY]
I listen to them go over a few details for a moment before Henry heads off to the catwalks.
[enter PETE D]
FELIX: "And Pete, start on that lock in the biology offices. I don't want to have to hold off on our plans because you weren't as fast as you thought you'd be."
PETE: "Okay! But it's an hour tops. I promise!"
[exit PETE]
FELIX: "Good. Now that he's gone, we can carry on to your part in this, Eric."
[enter ERIC D]
ERIC: "It sounds good so far. I think between the people you've assembled and this strategy, you should be able to pull it off. I'd be glad to do whatever you need."
FELIX: "I need someone in charge of the attack itself. I thought you were a good fit for the role of commander."
ERIC: "Really? I thought you'd take that position yourself."
FELIX: "I'd rather not be on the front lines. If something unexpected happens, it wouldn't do well to have me out there."
ERIC: "So you're setting me to do it instead. That's convenient for you."
FELIX: "Eric, I wanted you for this job because I know you can think on the fly. If I didn't convince you to join me, I would be the commander myself because I don't trust Henry or any of the others to make good decisions under pressure."
ERIC: "Okay. I see that's how I'll be earning my place in your circle, or whatever you want to call it."
FELIX: "Exactly."
ERIC: "One thing though, Felix. There are a lot more than five people in on this operation. If they're all part of this circle, then you all won't be able to outlast the winter."
FELIX: "Not all of them have the details, Eric. Most of the ordinary jazz or debate members have only a very shallow grasp on the larger plan, and I've led them into believing that we'll all share the food."
ERIC: "Then who are the ones that you're planning to take?"
FELIX: "You, me, Henry, and Marilyn are all confirmed. I'm saving the last spot as a bargaining chip."
ERIC: "What about Pete? He knows that you're only intending to feed your five, but he's not a member himself?"
FELIX: "Think about it for a second."
ERIC: "Oh. Not everyone who thinks they're going to be saved is actually on the level."
So he'll just betray half a dozen people that thought he'd be their savior. Okay.
FELIX: "Yes, that's right. We'll have to do something about them all later, but for now, just keep quiet that you're in."
Then again, am I really in on it? I could be one of those people he's duping. Has he told this story to everyone?
ERIC: "Okay, that's settled. What do you want me to do now?"
FELIX: "Hm. Go fetch Caitlyn from downstairs and put her with the rest of the captives in the back room."
ERIC: "Which back room? And I wasn't aware you had started collecting hostages already. Isn't that my job?"
FELIX: "Oh, Henry and I took a few already. That's why we were a little delayed in reaching you by the stairs. I forget their names, but if you head through that little door over there, you can see for yourself."
ERIC: "Right."
FELIX: "And once Caitlyn is secured, it's up to you. Feel free to recruit any of the layabouts, and talk to Marilyn when you need things for the armory. I'll leave the business of kidnapping up to you."
ERIC: "Alright. I'll go get Cait now."
FELIX: "Oh, one more thing. No matter who we do or don't capture, we need Shibin. If Pete is to be trusted, we'll never make headway in the gym unless we take Shibin. He's your top priority."

I leave the office behind and exit into the hall. I recognize the student posted to guard the door, probably one of the old jazz members. He nods at me as I pass by, and then I continue down the stairs, past the propped fire door, and into the basements once more. Once I take care of this business with Cait, I'm free to go to the south stairs and free Rebecca. 

[enter ERIC B]
ERIC: "Cait?"
She can't talk, of course, but I can hear her flopping around on the floor. I'm not sure what to expect.
ERIC: "Cait, I'm taking you up to Felix's base. Don't try fighting or it'll make more trouble for us both."
She's making noises through the duct tape around her mouth. Removing it for a second couldn't hurt.
[enter CAIT D]
CAIT: "Sorry, Eric. Do what you want."
ERIC: "What? I was expecting you to scream at me for helping Felix..."
CAIT: "I deserve what I get. You probably know by now that I'm the one who shut you in."
ERIC: "Felix is great at manipulating people to do what he wants. I can't really hold it against you too much."
I can, though. There's no way I'm setting her free. She's caused nothing but trouble for both sides of the school.
CAIT: "I keep screwing up. Every time I'm making progress, I always get ahead of myself. I screwed up again, again... Why is it always like this?"
ERIC: "I don't know what to say. I'm willing to blame Felix."
CAIT: "The bastard's pretty good at manipulating people. Well, what did he promise you, Eric?"
ERIC: "Can you stand up with that tape around your legs?"
CAIT: "He made you some promise, didn't he? I know what I did was wrong, Eric, so I'm in no position to judge, but..."
I put the tape back over her mouth. It was probably a mistake to let her speak, but in a different way than I thought.

She does me the favor of cooperating on the trip back up to base. The guard lets me in without so much as a glance at my prisoner, and I take her over to the side door that Felix indicated. It was at one point some teacher's windowless office, but now this dark room serves as a detention cell. 

[enter ERIC C]
ERIC: "Hello? Anyone here?"
There are noises, but everyone must be gagged. I'd estimate that there are one or two people from the sounds.
ERIC: "Later, Caitlyn."
I push her in and close the door again. It's time to go rescue Rebecca.

Back in the basements, I trace the familiar route through the student lounge. There's no trace of Sid or Lyra or any of the supplies from Max. I'll have to ask Felix later. I come to the fire door on the south stairs, still shut. I push it inwards and call out, but the only response is my own ringing voice.

There's no one here. Rebecca? Did she manage to escape in the few hours I was gone? I run up and down the stairs to do a quick search, but I can't find her. The fire doors on the second and first floors are both immovable, and she's not hiding in some crevice under the stairs. The only explanation is that someone else set her free in the meantime. I suppose it's for the best, but guilt that I left  behind starts to creep up on me.

[goto s0178]