
Rebecca Bell
Visual Notes: (none)
Other: She's supposed to be a bit of a chameleon character... (yeah not a whole lot of special info here, she's what she appears to be)


Eric Larsen
Visual Notes: I was originally thinking he was Finnish (like, months ago, before the first draft) but no more~. Short hair, that's about all
Other: Not much, he's another one whose background is pretty much explained in the story


Maximilian Wolf
Visual Notes: none
Other: He's much smarter than he's presented as in the beginning, but only on his own terms. There's a portion in one of Rebecca's bad endings (it's written, just not in script form yet) where he shows his colors pretty well... I'll fix it up and attach it.


Marisa Montoire
Visual Notes: Her last name's French but that doesn't really matter as that's not why it was chosen
Other: The explanation behind her split with eric (the physics exam) isn't fully revealed in story, and it never will be, probably because I have no idea either. In nightmare mode, she becomes a main character, so for now the explanation is that she started the relationship with Eric in order to pull the stunt that eventually ended it, but her feelings changed halfway through. Even if that explanation changes later, she'll always have regretted it in the end. (no idea if that was relevant)


Felix Salazar
Visual Notes: The name's Spanish, no need for that to carry into visuals necessarily. I'd always pictured him as darker though.
Other: Although he takes on the role of a villain for the main storyline, he's not necessarily a bad dude, he just lacks empathy.


Caitlyn Baquiran
Visual Notes: Baquiran is Philpino, so she probably looks slightly asian. Maybe longer hair?
Other: If it didn't come off in the main route, she's supposed to be a little bipolar. She either has her stuff together or completely breaks down.


Sid Wallace
Visual Notes: (none)
Other: I hate this guy. He shrugged off most attempts at characterization so now he's basically a more laid back version of Eric. 


Kenneth Whitecastle
Visual Notes: I don't know, handsome?
Other: He's not overly bright.


Shibin Huang
Visual Notes: The name's Chinese. Almost certainly has glasses.
Other: Like Felix, he sort of has an antagonist role, but he's not all that bad. He just gets carried away when he's in control. He's a major character in a nightmare route, pretty sure, but it shouldn't be enough to make note of here.


Henry Musikot
Visual Notes: The last name's Indian, doesn't need to show necessarily, but he's a bit darker. It's also a story point that he's larger than most. Not fat, just big.
Other: He always needs something to do. He's not really violent, he just gets forced into that position by Felix even though he'd rather be planning.


Sophie Morrigan
Visual Notes: Probably sad most of the time
Other: Another one who's just what she appears: realistic to the point of pessimism.


Lyra Cygnus
Visual Notes: She's younger than most
Other: Another one whose character didn't come out quite well in the main storyline. She's supposed to have a vivid imagination but also intuition. I'm considering rewriting all of her lines and grafting a new personality on, but I have no idea what it'd be. She probably shouldn't have existed in the first place but now plot logistics make it too hard to cut her. Ugh.


Pete Sai
Visual Notes: Scrawny. Name is generic Asian, no need for it show really
Other: He's a sadist masquerading as an idiot. Probably the most objectively "evil" but all he's trying to do is entertain himself.


Arya Martin
Visual Notes: The first name is Indian, no need for it to show. I thought she'd probably be tall but it doesn't matter much.
Other: She's pretty simple, just what she appears as in the main story.


Marilyn Sumner
Visual Notes: (none)
She's sick in the main storyline, but in most other branches where she's healthier, she basically has the opposite philosophies as Felix, even though they're bestst friends. I'll attach an excerpt for her.